
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130756625000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306924703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101115010                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3748576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1293.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42777047                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73840253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21548864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21548864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13565568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13565568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       336701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             336701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164801317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164801317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103746697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103746697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    268548014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           268548014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     336702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   336702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21547712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13565504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21548928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13565568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            21077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    79252                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2904                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130756358500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               336702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   2512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   2620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   2853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 81822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       165735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.859752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.717625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.154228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        59578     35.95%     35.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36237     21.86%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53805     32.46%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6208      3.75%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4765      2.88%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1913      1.15%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1062      0.64%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          854      0.52%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1313      0.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       165735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.875415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.794772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37925     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.587626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.401911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.882731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34649     91.34%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2142      5.65%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          733      1.93%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          410      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 31895845918                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            38208652168                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1683415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    94735.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              113485.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 134638                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238317.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041623250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98347197750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              633202920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              619746120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              345497625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              338155125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1321312200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1304745000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            689387760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            684087120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49741679565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49308496380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819801500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199786750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96091129650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95995264575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.895865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.162698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20827904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20827904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12918336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12918336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159287562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159287562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98796799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98796799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258084361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258084361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325436                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20827072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12918336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20827904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12918336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    60971                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2902                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130755871000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   3073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   3288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   3710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 63606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       138322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.957143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.011178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.533446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30258     21.88%     21.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37117     26.83%     48.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53820     38.91%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5912      4.27%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5408      3.91%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2149      1.55%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1183      0.86%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          941      0.68%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1534      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       138322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.999945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.759979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36143     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.582416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.388424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.941905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32998     91.26%     91.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1936      5.35%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          764      2.11%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          460      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28060537423                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34162218673                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1627115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    86227.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              104977.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  248771                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 140173                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    247979.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549341000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97839249000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              531377280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              514321920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              289938000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              280632000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1278365400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259856000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656903520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651045600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49180170285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48240002025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312353500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95789356065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95623168125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.587929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.316939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20827264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20827264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12918464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12918464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       325426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             325426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159282667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159282667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98797778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98797778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258080445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258080445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     325426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201851                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   325426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201851                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20826304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12918208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20827264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12918464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    60290                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     3145                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130756098000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               325426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201851                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   2108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   3176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   3313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   3554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   3707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 63002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   6521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       137930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.645835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.525252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.486801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30416     22.05%     22.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35849     25.99%     48.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54486     39.50%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5939      4.31%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5491      3.98%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2123      1.54%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1161      0.84%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          883      0.64%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1582      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       137930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.993643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.756706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36167     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.579120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.386183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.935355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33010     91.24%     91.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1967      5.44%     96.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          748      2.07%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          454      1.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28023452427                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34124908677                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1627055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    86117.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              104867.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  248839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 140484                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    247983.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28404044500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97984545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              529457040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              513286200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              288890250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              280066875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1278193800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259941800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656799840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651168720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48911652405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47983974840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547895500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361647750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95753136915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95590334265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          732.310928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          731.065829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20806272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20806272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12917440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12917440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       325098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             325098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159122125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159122125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98789947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98789947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257912071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257912071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     325098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201835                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   325098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201835                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20805440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12917312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20806272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12917440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           20005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    59401                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2987                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130755560500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               325098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201835                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   3091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   3457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   3609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   3811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   6431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       137076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.009863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.994919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.570011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29609     21.60%     21.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35889     26.18%     47.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54401     39.69%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5990      4.37%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5429      3.96%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2126      1.55%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1164      0.85%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          894      0.65%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1574      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       137076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.987283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.193348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36156     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.579967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.386089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.941197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33048     91.37%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1883      5.21%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          796      2.20%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          444      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27908457226                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34003800976                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1625425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    85849.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              104599.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  248715                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 141123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248144.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931731250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98456982750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              525835800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              510436080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              286914375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              278511750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1276493400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1259099400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656715600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651129840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48685832370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47939262615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745983250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400869000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95718022875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95579556765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          732.042379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.983404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11853651                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.716762                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.999861                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                62.314599                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11790201     99.46%     99.46% |       62889      0.53%    100.00% |         557      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11853651                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31907277                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.027654                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.521041                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.296858                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30032700     94.12%     94.12% |     1344645      4.21%     98.34% |       44232      0.14%     98.48% |       59106      0.19%     98.66% |       38888      0.12%     98.78% |       47463      0.15%     98.93% |       48706      0.15%     99.09% |      101967      0.32%     99.41% |      189570      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31907277                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31907275                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.044007                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.882012                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            230.941143                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31859376     99.85%     99.85% |       28239      0.09%     99.94% |       10930      0.03%     99.97% |        3464      0.01%     99.98% |        2449      0.01%     99.99% |        1967      0.01%    100.00% |         848      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31907275                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29983511                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013456                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29978087     99.98%     99.98% |        5422      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29983511                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1923764                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        434.959355                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       215.435029                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       842.168905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1875865     97.51%     97.51% |       28239      1.47%     98.98% |       10930      0.57%     99.55% |        3464      0.18%     99.73% |        2449      0.13%     99.85% |        1967      0.10%     99.96% |         848      0.04%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1923764                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         110094                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       110094                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          210                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          167                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          180                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          198                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23056777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1176624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24233401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6925507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7051267                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       335803                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44963                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       122348                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085562                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70136                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits           48                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24272                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         4696                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         3817                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits           51                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4619                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits           43                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19413                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         3839                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits           50                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         4670                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits           49                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         4634                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         3888                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits           35                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         3834                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           50                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         4559                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         3924                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           35                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         3939                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           37                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         3932                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         3916                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           54                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         4698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           53                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         4652                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           34                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         3878                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits           52                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         4639                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits           34                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         3963                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits           40                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         3865                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         3881                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         4034                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits           42                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         3929                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits           40                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         3953                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         3851                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         3793                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         3993                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits           37                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         3953                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits           32                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         3974                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits           41                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         3883                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         3814                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       176074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58120                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        55048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40716                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        52042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51457                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52755                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53854                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16873                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17131                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67307                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        21042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40773                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        28005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40622                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57227                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18133250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18133250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18323510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18133250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7482625                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7473346                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18133249                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069340                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7138844                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7138844                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7279946                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7138844                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3304104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3292288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7138844                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027298                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5257590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5257590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5394688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5257590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2022951                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2014038                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5257590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4307023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4307023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4307023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1723634                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1715619                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4307023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6292662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6292662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6460845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6292662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2870493                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2855198                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6292662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6483589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6483589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6694443                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6483589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2957475                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2935545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6483589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.024793                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7253377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7253377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7441821                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7253377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2739036                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2722901                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7253377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.027736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4644240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4644240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4818191                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4644240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1921259                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1905968                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4644240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.017759                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2829431                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2829431                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2898644                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2829431                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1183233                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1174927                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2829431                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010819                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3924303                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3924303                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4021560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3924303                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1798065                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1786483                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3924303                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015006                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3299150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3299150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3419817                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3299150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1403879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1388978                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3299150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3031295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3031295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3104630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3031295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1224998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1215719                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3031295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011591                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4211622                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4211622                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4316384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4211622                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1857867                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1845734                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4211622                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016105                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3407181                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3407181                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3522154                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3407181                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1422094                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1407133                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3407181                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.013029                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2031164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2031164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2091929                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2031164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       892757                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       884764                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2031164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.007767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2984967                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2984967                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3089191                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2984967                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1317272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1305671                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2984967                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011414                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3983601                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3983601                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4093481                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3983601                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1645631                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1632957                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3983601                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.015233                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3139500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3139500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3243058                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3139500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1373401                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1362936                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3139500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.012005                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3232111                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3232111                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3356625                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3232111                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1426016                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411687                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3232111                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012359                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2094877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2094877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2156951                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2094877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       920352                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       911473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2094877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008011                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1690086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1690086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1716242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1690086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       738453                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       734538                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1690086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2405997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2405997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2463444                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2405997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1105578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1099477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2405997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009200                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2110720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2110720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2177571                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       930215                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       923460                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2110720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008071                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1385613                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1385613                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1416291                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1385613                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       605444                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       601805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1385613                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005298                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1632549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1632549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1661268                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       685653                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       682461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1632549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006243                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2239445                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2239445                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2295993                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2239445                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1006269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2239445                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008563                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2048376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2048376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2119419                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2048376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       892247                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       885224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2048376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007833                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1413137                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       603946                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       600566                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1387618                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005306                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6141703                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6141703                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6531905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6141703                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2475241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2458023                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6141703                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023485                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6346347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6346347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6704191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6346347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2570259                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2552103                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6346347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.024268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6565087                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6565087                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7030656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6565087                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2685029                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2659507                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6565087                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025104                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6767569                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6767569                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7217166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6767569                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2791126                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2762257                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6767569                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.025878                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9793590     27.66%     27.66% |    23767505     67.13%     94.79% |     1846506      5.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35407601                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9793591     27.66%     27.66% |    23767505     67.13%     94.79% |     1846506      5.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35407602                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   324822519                       |   588834514                       |    42573337                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   257136683                       |    97551174                       |     1846506                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   33.166849                       |   24.774772                       |   23.056160                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   26.255610                       |    4.104393                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.006359                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.069430                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         37.075789                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002158                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046954      7.06%      7.06% |    0.046726      7.03%     14.10% |    0.046553      7.00%     21.10% |    0.046429      6.99%     28.09% |    0.111697     16.81%     44.89% |    0.109293     16.44%     61.34% |    0.111532     16.78%     78.12% |    0.109182     16.43%     94.54% |    0.009063      1.36%     95.91% |    0.009067      1.36%     97.27% |    0.009065      1.36%     98.64% |    0.009065      1.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.664626                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016538                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028963                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000293                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000363                       |    0.000363                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000292                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.004945                       |    0.002002                       |    0.001882                       |    0.001967                       |    0.001981                       |    0.001900                       |    0.001811                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001938                       |    0.001929                       |    0.002003                       |    0.001931                       |    0.001864                       |    0.001847                       |    0.001860                       |    0.001827                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001878                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001997                       |    0.002214                       |    0.002085                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001986                       |    0.001940                       |    0.001953                       |    0.001975                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002051                       |    0.002238                       |    0.002114                       |    0.007719                       |    0.007459                       |    0.007459                       |    0.007451                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000145                       |    0.000567                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000011                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002117                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002304                       |    0.001491                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002026                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002563                       |    0.004256                       |    0.001517                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002148                       |    0.005720                       |    0.000013                       |    0.004914                       |    0.007996                       |    0.002249                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001994                       |    0.000018                       |    0.004711                       |    0.003452                       |    0.009374                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002053                       |    0.000015                       |    0.007492                       |    0.004021                       |    0.002443                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002164                       |    0.005479                       |    0.000013                       |    0.008415                       |    0.004850                       |    0.002902                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002037                       |    0.000013                       |    0.004154                       |    0.002522                       |    0.002421                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002099                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002194                       |    0.001492                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002263                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001504                       |    0.002430                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002011                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001358                       |    0.004384                       |    0.004383                       |    0.002412                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000018                       |    0.004456                       |    0.008051                       |    0.005557                       |    0.003354                       |    0.029458                       |    0.004388                       |    0.000145                       |    0.002352                       |    0.013571                       |    0.016162                       |    0.003263                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000567                       |    0.002326                       |    0.005611                       |    0.013508                       |    0.003176                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001983                       |    0.000015                       |    0.006280                       |    0.004429                       |    0.007670                       |    0.003970                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001966                       |    0.000014                       |    0.002308                       |    0.004052                       |    0.004052                       |    0.003268                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001431                       |    0.002155                       |    0.002467                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002162                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000805                       |    0.002297                       |    0.002351                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002092                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000773                       |    0.002568                       |    0.004379                       |    0.002232                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002361                       |    0.005479                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001496                       |    0.004919                       |    0.008108                       |    0.002282                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000018                       |    0.014744                       |    0.004720                       |    0.003424                       |    0.002365                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001912                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001695                       |    0.007328                       |    0.004009                       |    0.002242                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002212                       |    0.005476                       |    0.000014                       |    0.002122                       |    0.008375                       |    0.004868                       |    0.002366                       |    0.000446                       |    0.001938                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001688                       |    0.004047                       |    0.002529                       |    0.002369                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002082                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000772                       |    0.002168                       |    0.002353                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002085                       |    0.000011                       |    0.000570                       |    0.002186                       |    0.000446                       |    0.001965                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000605                       |    0.000669                       |    0.004070                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001929                       |    0.000016                       |    0.002646                       |    0.001182                       |    0.005087                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002018                       |    0.000017                       |    0.006844                       |    0.002856                       |    0.002943                       |    0.000446                       |    0.001973                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000597                       |    0.005473                       |    0.003502                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002012                       |    0.000017                       |    0.003979                       |    0.004635                       |    0.001162                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002102                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000571                       |    0.004206                       |    0.000675                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000577                       |    0.002186                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.664626                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6748883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6748883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4203787                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3568170                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.879895                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          499244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13685855                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84180                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18917277                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182128                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13770035                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19099405                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32603132                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32869440                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7058498                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7068148                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7058498                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7068148                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257766412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24275989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50722875                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6748883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4067414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227892164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428995                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       341432                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7057824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253732508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.511238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236780315     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2303546      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1305136      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1053549      0.42%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1857992      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1498813      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1156427      0.46%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741975      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7034755      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253732508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12007490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228868891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5503707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86781907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14337455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122778520                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15554385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9928630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90679018                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84703145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2166483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83788672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204677377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133650236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71555470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12233189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395080                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40256585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7122027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19294737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       792354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       601420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82989466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       482878                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87315167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14509664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       129011                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253732508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.344123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216672336     85.39%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14150765      5.58%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429869      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3581400      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3341687      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2320390      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394786      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507150      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334125      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253732508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135446     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928760     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574089      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53613151     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13874613     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19144958     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87315167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013978                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429903309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92853689                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79041228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87961546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1250029                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9248                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7823164                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5108233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115439062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83472344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7122027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19294737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       473866                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9248                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86606499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13675681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32614112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5324256                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18938431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335988                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79158329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79041240                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35303893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55760705                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       353867                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252149567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.024362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221327003     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11370155      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11523291      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3047484      1.21%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1345529      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       496365      0.20%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674466      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551868      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1813406      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252149567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42777046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73840250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24324042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5781422                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4851462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73227247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       413667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49086301     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5781422      7.83%     74.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18542620     25.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73840250                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1813406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333604487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168530393                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4033904                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42777046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73840250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.025811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.025811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        139137893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54136873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27205394                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22547898                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43754642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1422624000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1422624000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5480041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        50.553411                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       30.860327                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       89.021677                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5416591     98.84%     98.84% |       62889      1.15%     99.99% |         557      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5480041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6324674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.684850                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.071282                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.031390                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6265017     99.06%     99.06% |       57416      0.91%     99.96% |        2061      0.03%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6324674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         48936                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.025605                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.786070                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.631122                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        1429      2.92%      2.92% |        5220     10.67%     13.59% |       17039     34.82%     48.41% |        9909     20.25%     68.65% |        9731     19.89%     88.54% |        3777      7.72%     96.26% |        1481      3.03%     99.28% |         329      0.67%     99.96% |          18      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           48936                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5870726                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           89.532739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.369684                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         464.409794                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5833344     99.36%     99.36% |       20958      0.36%     99.72% |        8988      0.15%     99.87% |        3253      0.06%     99.93% |        2226      0.04%     99.97% |        1551      0.03%     99.99% |         405      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5870726                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5135018                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026410                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5131440     99.93%     99.93% |        3576      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5135018                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       735708                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     693.500060                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    311.888771                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1141.925973                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      698326     94.92%     94.92% |       20958      2.85%     97.77% |        8988      1.22%     98.99% |        3253      0.44%     99.43% |        2226      0.30%     99.73% |        1551      0.21%     99.94% |         405      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        735708                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18690397                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           19.549213                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.776349                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         147.416619                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18679886     99.94%     99.94% |        7275      0.04%     99.98% |        1942      0.01%     99.99% |         211      0.00%     99.99% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |         416      0.00%    100.00% |         443      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18690397                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17656769                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009901                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17655038     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17656769                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033628                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     302.246572                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    192.422189                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    555.304429                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1023117     98.98%     98.98% |        7275      0.70%     99.69% |        1942      0.19%     99.87% |         211      0.02%     99.90% |         223      0.02%     99.92% |         416      0.04%     99.96% |         443      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033628                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7051265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.525598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178684                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.406356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7050940    100.00%    100.00% |         290      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7051265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6925507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6925505    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6925507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.540419                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.902296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.710828                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125433     99.74%     99.74% |         290      0.23%     99.97% |          23      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.919882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.761468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      292212     99.53%     99.53% |        1245      0.42%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.682123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.351755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.915621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27271     95.22%     95.22% |        1245      4.35%     99.57% |         113      0.39%     99.96% |           9      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12381                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2556957                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        25630                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    21073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    16792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    21116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    16796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    21117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    21157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    16697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    16792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    21303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    16712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   16700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   16662                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   16712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   21154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   21154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   16769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   21161                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   16678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   16794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   16607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   16667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   16801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   16920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   16631                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   16694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   16529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   16768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   16813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   3279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   3235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   3195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   3049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  2788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  2776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  3198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  3191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  2667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  2821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  2568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2857                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  2794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  2720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     5314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     5347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     6583                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     6553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     5378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     6528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     5482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    5449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    5454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    5477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    6671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    6608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    5399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    6619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    5521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    5415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    5419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    5621                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    5502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    5513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    5372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    5335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    5564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    5494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    5517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    5431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    5345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 2197593                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140339428177818                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140339428257894                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 2099685                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 2198449                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                33006949                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                32988507                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                32941448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                32997112                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                32972365                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               32973909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               32975176                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               32962927                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               33022580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               33012536                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               32960071                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               33028193                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               33005688                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               32929264                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               32938626                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               33010449                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               32977050                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               32985631                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               32949466                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               32901767                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               32985636                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               32996102                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               33016233                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               32962555                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               32919232                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16203                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                12973                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16255                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                16216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                16246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12889                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                12941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                16404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               12821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               16243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               16264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               16266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               12795                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               12906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               12879                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               12698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               12847                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               12807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               12950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               13009                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               12758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               12793                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               12777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               12865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               12948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2309                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1843                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2296                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2266                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1927                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1875                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              2017                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              2269                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1925                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses              2246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2021                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2118                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1969                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              2009                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses              1807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              2058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              2023                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              2039                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses              1951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                4870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4861                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                3896                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                4911                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                3808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                3851                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                4899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               3901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               3841                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3835                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4911                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               4890                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               3878                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4895                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               3915                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3915                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               3851                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3911                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3873                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               3901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               3752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               970                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               979                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               864                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               821                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               941                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              794                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              757                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              757                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              754                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              812                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              821                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              920                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2740289                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2567354                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2729476                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2530028                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2731664                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2718853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2611392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2560156                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2724478                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2582825                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2596359                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2596989                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2580930                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2736034                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2733124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2561987                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2732018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2607014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2544703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2544332                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2626509                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2587467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2613922                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2561424                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2529768                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2610763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2583596                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2636051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2573702                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2555202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2616512                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2459983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2606265                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2417136                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2608448                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2594703                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2497960                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2456248                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2595723                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               2475679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2482856                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2496595                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2477489                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2621491                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2608951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2446284                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2606147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2503533                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2436804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2433696                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2519909                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              2480791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2494143                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2449151                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2417680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              2511223                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2467763                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2522254                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2464496                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              2447310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               991409                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               904079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               943370                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               887670                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               966949                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               952554                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               934262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               892411                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               954995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               859922                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              865594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              904569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              884117                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              984780                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              943216                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              885719                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              946254                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              871395                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              886433                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              888065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              853345                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              838630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              869595                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              933248                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              890921                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              872928                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              863107                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              921668                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              917980                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              871774                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2616512                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2459983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2606265                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2417136                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2608448                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2594703                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2497960                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2456248                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2595723                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          2475679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2482856                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2496595                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2477489                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2621491                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2608951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2446284                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2606147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2503533                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2436804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2433696                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2519909                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         2480791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2494143                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2449151                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2417680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         2511223                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2467763                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2522254                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2464496                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         2447310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          991409                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          904079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          943370                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          887670                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          966949                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          952554                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          934262                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          892411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          954995                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          859922                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         865594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         904569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         884117                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         984780                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         943216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         885719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         946254                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         871395                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         886433                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         888065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         853345                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         838630                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         869595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         933248                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         890921                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         872928                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         863107                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         921668                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         917980                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         871774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2721379                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2552226                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2710566                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2514900                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2712754                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2699943                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2596264                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2545028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2705568                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2567697                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2581231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2581861                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2565802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2717124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2714214                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2546859                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2713108                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2591886                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2529575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2529204                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2611381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2572339                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2598794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2546296                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2514640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2595635                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2568468                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2620923                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2558574                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2540074                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         258765328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        258765324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        258765330                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        258765344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        258765340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        258765336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        258765341                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        258765347                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        258765353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        258765349                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        258765358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        258765364                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        258765355                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        258765351                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        258765360                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        258765366                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        258765357                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        258765354                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        258765362                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        258765358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2723935                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2528170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2716659                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2510448                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2726990                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2712783                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2599330                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2541573                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2711747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2576677                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2583070                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2592025                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2575288                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2723118                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2729436                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2553708                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2718780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2602403                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2534939                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2535309                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2622841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2581995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2578726                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2542778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2519397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2595045                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2568724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2631190                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2555650                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2534454                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               817                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               790                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              812                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1              776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3110                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              3195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              3407                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             2736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             2935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             2019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             2037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             2093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             2216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             1942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             2114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             2237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1971560                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1936857                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1973905                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1912494                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1974331                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1968796                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1970727                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1927732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1949288                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1945879                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1944528                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1957377                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1946475                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1988951                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1967066                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1951075                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        1981131                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        1979853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        1905929                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        1926937                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        1992719                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        1955404                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        1954785                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        1930639                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        1892474                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        1983538                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        1972996                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        1997993                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        1941710                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        1906259                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      336677     25.65%     25.65% |      325436     24.79%     50.44% |      325426     24.79%     75.23% |      325098     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1312637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      206146     25.96%     25.96% |      196027     24.68%     50.64% |      196026     24.68%     75.32% |      196008     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794207                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      336701     25.65%     25.65% |      325436     24.79%     50.44% |      325426     24.79%     75.23% |      325098     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1312661                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211962     25.93%     25.93% |      201849     24.69%     50.62% |      201851     24.69%     75.31% |      201835     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      122339     25.19%     25.19% |      121217     24.96%     50.15% |      121208     24.96%     75.11% |      120898     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       485662                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      336677     25.65%     25.65% |      325436     24.79%     50.44% |      325426     24.79%     75.23% |      325098     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1312637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205909     25.95%     25.95% |      195849     24.68%     50.63% |      195851     24.68%     75.32% |      195835     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793444                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      122339     25.19%     25.19% |      121217     24.96%     50.15% |      121208     24.96%     75.11% |      120898     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       485662                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      336676     25.65%     25.65% |      325436     24.79%     50.44% |      325426     24.79%     75.23% |      325098     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1312636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205909     25.95%     25.95% |      195849     24.68%     50.63% |      195851     24.68%     75.32% |      195835     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793444                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5403303     91.95%     91.95% |          17      0.00%     91.95% |       18481      0.31%     92.26% |       14784      0.25%     92.52% |       18481      0.31%     92.83% |       14784      0.25%     93.08% |       18480      0.31%     93.40% |       18480      0.31%     93.71% |       14784      0.25%     93.96% |       14784      0.25%     94.21% |       18481      0.31%     94.53% |       14785      0.25%     94.78% |       14784      0.25%     95.03% |       14785      0.25%     95.28% |       14784      0.25%     95.53% |       18481      0.31%     95.85% |       18482      0.31%     96.16% |       14785      0.25%     96.41% |       18483      0.31%     96.73% |       14787      0.25%     96.98% |       14786      0.25%     97.23% |       14785      0.25%     97.48% |       14784      0.25%     97.74% |       14785      0.25%     97.99% |       14785      0.25%     98.24% |       14785      0.25%     98.49% |       14785      0.25%     98.74% |       14785      0.25%     98.99% |       14785      0.25%     99.25% |       14784      0.25%     99.50% |       14784      0.25%     99.75% |       14785      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5876433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7051329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7051329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18839995     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |        5840      0.03%     99.24% |        4672      0.02%     99.27% |        5840      0.03%     99.30% |        4672      0.02%     99.32% |        5840      0.03%     99.35% |        5840      0.03%     99.38% |        4672      0.02%     99.41% |        4672      0.02%     99.43% |        5840      0.03%     99.46% |        4672      0.02%     99.49% |        4672      0.02%     99.51% |        4672      0.02%     99.54% |        4672      0.02%     99.56% |        5840      0.03%     99.59% |        5840      0.03%     99.62% |        4672      0.02%     99.65% |        5840      0.03%     99.68% |        4672      0.02%     99.70% |        4672      0.02%     99.73% |        4672      0.02%     99.75% |        4672      0.02%     99.78% |        4672      0.02%     99.80% |        4672      0.02%     99.83% |        4672      0.02%     99.85% |        4672      0.02%     99.88% |        4672      0.02%     99.90% |        4672      0.02%     99.93% |        4672      0.02%     99.95% |        4672      0.02%     99.98% |        4672      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18989499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19377     39.61%     39.61% |          17      0.03%     39.65% |         427      0.87%     40.52% |        1080      2.21%     42.73% |         735      1.50%     44.23% |        1012      2.07%     46.30% |         690      1.41%     47.71% |         548      1.12%     48.83% |        1401      2.86%     51.69% |        1006      2.06%     53.75% |         577      1.18%     54.93% |        1031      2.11%     57.04% |        1491      3.05%     60.09% |         771      1.58%     61.66% |        1043      2.13%     63.80% |         408      0.83%     64.63% |         536      1.10%     65.72% |        1276      2.61%     68.33% |         845      1.73%     70.06% |         989      2.02%     72.08% |        1085      2.22%     74.30% |        1144      2.34%     76.64% |        1128      2.31%     78.95% |        1416      2.89%     81.84% |        1172      2.40%     84.24% |        1351      2.76%     87.00% |         883      1.81%     88.80% |        1004      2.05%     90.86% |        1094      2.24%     93.09% |        1325      2.71%     95.80% |        1084      2.22%     98.02% |         970      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        48916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1298640     68.18%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |       23759      1.25%     69.43% |       18907      0.99%     70.42% |       23760      1.25%     71.67% |       18901      0.99%     72.66% |       23760      1.25%     73.91% |       23760      1.25%     75.16% |       18906      0.99%     76.15% |       18908      0.99%     77.14% |       23766      1.25%     78.39% |       18904      0.99%     79.38% |       18906      0.99%     80.38% |       18907      0.99%     81.37% |       18908      0.99%     82.36% |       23754      1.25%     83.61% |       23756      1.25%     84.86% |       18906      0.99%     85.85% |       23756      1.25%     87.10% |       18907      0.99%     88.09% |       18903      0.99%     89.08% |       18904      0.99%     90.07% |       18904      0.99%     91.07% |       18901      0.99%     92.06% |       18904      0.99%     93.05% |       18908      0.99%     94.04% |       18908      0.99%     95.04% |       18905      0.99%     96.03% |       18906      0.99%     97.02% |       18909      0.99%     98.02% |       18902      0.99%     99.01% |       18904      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1904629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      263367     35.82%     35.82% |           1      0.00%     35.82% |       18433      2.51%     38.33% |       14748      2.01%     40.33% |       18427      2.51%     42.84% |       14743      2.01%     44.84% |       18432      2.51%     47.35% |       18433      2.51%     49.86% |       14748      2.01%     51.86% |       14749      2.01%     53.87% |       18431      2.51%     56.38% |       14748      2.01%     58.38% |       14749      2.01%     60.39% |       14748      2.01%     62.39% |       14748      2.01%     64.40% |       18429      2.51%     66.91% |       18429      2.51%     69.41% |       14750      2.01%     71.42% |       18430      2.51%     73.93% |       14750      2.01%     75.93% |       14746      2.01%     77.94% |       14747      2.01%     79.94% |       14746      2.01%     81.95% |       14742      2.01%     83.95% |       14744      2.01%     85.96% |       14749      2.01%     87.97% |       14748      2.01%     89.97% |       14746      2.01%     91.98% |       14747      2.01%     93.98% |       14752      2.01%     95.99% |       14745      2.01%     97.99% |       14747      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       735252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038993     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |        5839      0.49%     87.91% |        4672      0.39%     88.31% |        5839      0.49%     88.80% |        4670      0.39%     89.19% |        5838      0.49%     89.68% |        5838      0.49%     90.17% |        4671      0.39%     90.57% |        4672      0.39%     90.96% |        5839      0.49%     91.45% |        4670      0.39%     91.84% |        4672      0.39%     92.24% |        4671      0.39%     92.63% |        4672      0.39%     93.02% |        5837      0.49%     93.51% |        5838      0.49%     94.01% |        4672      0.39%     94.40% |        5838      0.49%     94.89% |        4672      0.39%     95.28% |        4670      0.39%     95.68% |        4671      0.39%     96.07% |        4672      0.39%     96.46% |        4672      0.39%     96.86% |        4672      0.39%     97.25% |        4671      0.39%     97.64% |        4672      0.39%     98.03% |        4672      0.39%     98.43% |        4672      0.39%     98.82% |        4672      0.39%     99.21% |        4670      0.39%     99.61% |        4671      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1172405     66.66%     66.66% |           0      0.00%     66.66% |       23344      1.33%     67.99% |       18344      1.04%     69.03% |       23028      1.31%     70.34% |       18404      1.05%     71.39% |       23068      1.31%     72.70% |       23211      1.32%     74.02% |       17886      1.02%     75.04% |       18416      1.05%     76.08% |       23184      1.32%     77.40% |       18388      1.05%     78.45% |       17904      1.02%     79.47% |       18652      1.06%     80.53% |       18379      1.05%     81.57% |       23347      1.33%     82.90% |       23220      1.32%     84.22% |       18155      1.03%     85.25% |       22914      1.30%     86.56% |       18263      1.04%     87.59% |       18331      1.04%     88.64% |       18289      1.04%     89.68% |       17915      1.02%     90.69% |       17988      1.02%     91.72% |       18091      1.03%     92.75% |       18076      1.03%     93.77% |       18537      1.05%     94.83% |       18146      1.03%     95.86% |       18324      1.04%     96.90% |       17701      1.01%     97.91% |       18339      1.04%     98.95% |       18457      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1758706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      261515     35.66%     35.66% |          17      0.00%     35.66% |       18431      2.51%     38.17% |       14747      2.01%     40.19% |       18429      2.51%     42.70% |       14743      2.01%     44.71% |       18430      2.51%     47.22% |       18432      2.51%     49.73% |       14747      2.01%     51.75% |       14746      2.01%     53.76% |       18430      2.51%     56.27% |       14746      2.01%     58.28% |       14746      2.01%     60.29% |       14748      2.01%     62.30% |       14748      2.01%     64.31% |       18429      2.51%     66.83% |       18428      2.51%     69.34% |       14746      2.01%     71.35% |       18428      2.51%     73.86% |       14747      2.01%     75.87% |       14745      2.01%     77.88% |       14745      2.01%     79.89% |       14744      2.01%     81.90% |       14741      2.01%     83.91% |       14744      2.01%     85.92% |       14749      2.01%     87.94% |       14748      2.01%     89.95% |       14745      2.01%     91.96% |       14746      2.01%     93.97% |       14749      2.01%     95.98% |       14744      2.01%     97.99% |       14745      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       733378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912766     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        5839      0.55%     86.48% |        4672      0.44%     86.92% |        5839      0.55%     87.47% |        4670      0.44%     87.91% |        5838      0.55%     88.46% |        5838      0.55%     89.01% |        4671      0.44%     89.45% |        4672      0.44%     89.89% |        5839      0.55%     90.44% |        4670      0.44%     90.88% |        4672      0.44%     91.31% |        4671      0.44%     91.75% |        4672      0.44%     92.19% |        5837      0.55%     92.74% |        5838      0.55%     93.29% |        4672      0.44%     93.73% |        5838      0.55%     94.28% |        4672      0.44%     94.72% |        4670      0.44%     95.16% |        4671      0.44%     95.60% |        4672      0.44%     96.04% |        4672      0.44%     96.48% |        4672      0.44%     96.92% |        4671      0.44%     97.36% |        4672      0.44%     97.80% |        4672      0.44%     98.24% |        4672      0.44%     98.68% |        4672      0.44%     99.12% |        4670      0.44%     99.56% |        4671      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11067     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           3      0.03%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2288     98.20%     98.20% |           0      0.00%     98.20% |           2      0.09%     98.28% |           1      0.04%     98.33% |           1      0.04%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           2      0.09%     98.45% |           1      0.04%     98.50% |           2      0.09%     98.58% |           3      0.13%     98.71% |           1      0.04%     98.76% |           2      0.09%     98.84% |           3      0.13%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |           1      0.04%     99.01% |           4      0.17%     99.18% |           2      0.09%     99.27% |           3      0.13%     99.40% |           1      0.04%     99.44% |           2      0.09%     99.53% |           2      0.09%     99.61% |           1      0.04%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.04%     99.70% |           1      0.04%     99.74% |           3      0.13%     99.87% |           1      0.04%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3714    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1402      6.66%      6.66% |           0      0.00%      6.66% |         414      1.97%      8.62% |         563      2.67%     11.30% |         725      3.44%     14.74% |         497      2.36%     17.10% |         688      3.27%     20.37% |         547      2.60%     22.97% |        1019      4.84%     27.81% |         490      2.33%     30.13% |         572      2.72%     32.85% |         516      2.45%     35.30% |        1002      4.76%     40.06% |         255      1.21%     41.27% |         529      2.51%     43.78% |         407      1.93%     45.72% |         534      2.54%     48.25% |         751      3.57%     51.82% |         840      3.99%     55.81% |         644      3.06%     58.87% |         572      2.72%     61.58% |         615      2.92%     64.50% |         989      4.70%     69.20% |         913      4.34%     73.54% |         813      3.86%     77.40% |         832      3.95%     81.35% |         371      1.76%     83.11% |         759      3.60%     86.72% |         582      2.76%     89.48% |        1208      5.74%     95.22% |         563      2.67%     97.89% |         444      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        21056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6925507    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6925507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4649     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121496     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2528563     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          47      0.00%     99.95% |          36      0.00%     99.96% |          50      0.00%     99.96% |          41      0.00%     99.96% |          48      0.00%     99.96% |          47      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          49      0.00%     99.97% |          36      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          36      0.00%     99.97% |          36      0.00%     99.97% |          51      0.00%     99.98% |          51      0.00%     99.98% |          34      0.00%     99.98% |          50      0.00%     99.98% |          34      0.00%     99.98% |          38      0.00%     99.98% |          37      0.00%     99.99% |          38      0.00%     99.99% |          42      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          36      0.00%     99.99% |          38      0.00%     99.99% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2529763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3453     11.85%     11.85% |           1      0.00%     11.85% |         392      1.35%     13.20% |         866      2.97%     16.17% |         689      2.36%     18.54% |         855      2.93%     21.47% |         659      2.26%     23.73% |         519      1.78%     25.51% |        1241      4.26%     29.77% |         779      2.67%     32.45% |         572      1.96%     34.41% |         835      2.87%     37.27% |        1323      4.54%     41.81% |         582      2.00%     43.81% |         853      2.93%     46.74% |         405      1.39%     48.13% |         513      1.76%     49.89% |        1077      3.70%     53.59% |         832      2.86%     56.44% |         952      3.27%     59.71% |         885      3.04%     62.75% |         957      3.28%     66.03% |        1070      3.67%     69.70% |        1243      4.27%     73.97% |        1024      3.51%     77.48% |        1160      3.98%     81.46% |         721      2.47%     83.94% |         951      3.26%     87.20% |         914      3.14%     90.34% |        1153      3.96%     94.30% |         892      3.06%     97.36% |         770      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        29138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      196686     30.77%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |       17675      2.77%     33.53% |       13882      2.17%     35.71% |       17372      2.72%     38.42% |       13888      2.17%     40.60% |       17407      2.72%     43.32% |       17548      2.75%     46.07% |       13446      2.10%     48.17% |       13970      2.19%     50.35% |       17492      2.74%     53.09% |       13913      2.18%     55.27% |       13426      2.10%     57.37% |       14166      2.22%     59.58% |       13894      2.17%     61.76% |       17666      2.76%     64.52% |       17558      2.75%     67.27% |       13673      2.14%     69.41% |       17232      2.70%     72.10% |       13768      2.15%     74.26% |       13861      2.17%     76.42% |       13790      2.16%     78.58% |       13445      2.10%     80.69% |       13494      2.11%     82.80% |       13692      2.14%     84.94% |       13589      2.13%     87.06% |       14027      2.19%     89.26% |       13662      2.14%     91.40% |       13832      2.16%     93.56% |       13341      2.09%     95.65% |       13853      2.17%     97.81% |       13974      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       639222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2598056    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2598056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17859830    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17859857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         207      5.33%      5.33% |           0      0.00%      5.33% |          24      0.62%      5.94% |         210      5.40%     11.35% |          37      0.95%     12.30% |         154      3.96%     16.26% |          31      0.80%     17.06% |          29      0.75%     17.80% |         153      3.94%     21.74% |         226      5.81%     27.55% |           1      0.03%     27.58% |         195      5.02%     32.60% |         146      3.76%     36.35% |         184      4.73%     41.09% |         187      4.81%     45.90% |           2      0.05%     45.95% |          22      0.57%     46.51% |         190      4.89%     51.40% |          10      0.26%     51.66% |          32      0.82%     52.48% |         200      5.15%     57.63% |         172      4.43%     62.05% |          56      1.44%     63.49% |         166      4.27%     67.76% |         146      3.76%     71.52% |         184      4.73%     76.25% |         162      4.17%     80.42% |          43      1.11%     81.53% |         180      4.63%     86.16% |         166      4.27%     90.43% |         184      4.73%     95.16% |         188      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         3887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975719     87.16%     87.16% |           0      0.00%     87.16% |        5669      0.51%     87.66% |        4462      0.40%     88.06% |        5656      0.51%     88.57% |        4516      0.40%     88.97% |        5661      0.51%     89.48% |        5663      0.51%     89.98% |        4440      0.40%     90.38% |        4446      0.40%     90.78% |        5692      0.51%     91.29% |        4475      0.40%     91.69% |        4478      0.40%     92.09% |        4486      0.40%     92.49% |        4485      0.40%     92.89% |        5681      0.51%     93.39% |        5662      0.51%     93.90% |        4482      0.40%     94.30% |        5682      0.51%     94.81% |        4495      0.40%     95.21% |        4470      0.40%     95.61% |        4499      0.40%     96.01% |        4470      0.40%     96.41% |        4494      0.40%     96.81% |        4399      0.39%     97.20% |        4487      0.40%     97.60% |        4510      0.40%     98.01% |        4484      0.40%     98.41% |        4492      0.40%     98.81% |        4360      0.39%     99.20% |        4486      0.40%     99.60% |        4483      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1119484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.03%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           4      0.12%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           4      0.12%     99.49% |           2      0.06%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           2      0.06%     99.61% |           9      0.27%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      263367     35.82%     35.82% |           1      0.00%     35.82% |       18433      2.51%     38.33% |       14748      2.01%     40.33% |       18427      2.51%     42.84% |       14743      2.01%     44.84% |       18432      2.51%     47.35% |       18433      2.51%     49.86% |       14748      2.01%     51.86% |       14749      2.01%     53.87% |       18431      2.51%     56.38% |       14748      2.01%     58.38% |       14749      2.01%     60.39% |       14748      2.01%     62.39% |       14748      2.01%     64.40% |       18429      2.51%     66.91% |       18429      2.51%     69.41% |       14750      2.01%     71.42% |       18430      2.51%     73.93% |       14750      2.01%     75.93% |       14746      2.01%     77.94% |       14747      2.01%     79.94% |       14746      2.01%     81.95% |       14742      2.01%     83.95% |       14744      2.01%     85.96% |       14749      2.01%     87.97% |       14748      2.01%     89.97% |       14746      2.01%     91.98% |       14747      2.01%     93.98% |       14752      2.01%     95.99% |       14745      2.01%     97.99% |       14747      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       735252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        5839      0.55%     86.48% |        4672      0.44%     86.92% |        5839      0.55%     87.47% |        4670      0.44%     87.91% |        5838      0.55%     88.46% |        5838      0.55%     89.01% |        4671      0.44%     89.45% |        4672      0.44%     89.89% |        5839      0.55%     90.44% |        4670      0.44%     90.88% |        4672      0.44%     91.32% |        4671      0.44%     91.75% |        4672      0.44%     92.19% |        5837      0.55%     92.74% |        5838      0.55%     93.29% |        4672      0.44%     93.73% |        5838      0.55%     94.28% |        4672      0.44%     94.72% |        4670      0.44%     95.16% |        4671      0.44%     95.60% |        4672      0.44%     96.04% |        4672      0.44%     96.48% |        4672      0.44%     96.92% |        4671      0.44%     97.36% |        4672      0.44%     97.80% |        4672      0.44%     98.24% |        4672      0.44%     98.68% |        4672      0.44%     99.12% |        4670      0.44%     99.56% |        4671      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           1      0.02%     99.58% |           0      0.00%     99.58% |           1      0.02%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           1      0.02%     99.61% |           1      0.02%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           1      0.02%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           1      0.02%     99.67% |           2      0.04%     99.70% |           1      0.02%     99.72% |           3      0.05%     99.77% |           3      0.05%     99.82% |           2      0.04%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.89% |           1      0.02%     99.91% |           1      0.02%     99.93% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      0.66%      0.66% |           0      0.00%      0.66% |          11      7.28%      7.95% |           4      2.65%     10.60% |           6      3.97%     14.57% |           3      1.99%     16.56% |           0      0.00%     16.56% |           0      0.00%     16.56% |           6      3.97%     20.53% |           1      0.66%     21.19% |           3      1.99%     23.18% |           1      0.66%     23.84% |          22     14.57%     38.41% |           5      3.31%     41.72% |           3      1.99%     43.71% |           1      0.66%     44.37% |           1      0.66%     45.03% |           9      5.96%     50.99% |           3      1.99%     52.98% |           5      3.31%     56.29% |           0      0.00%     56.29% |          15      9.93%     66.23% |           2      1.32%     67.55% |           7      4.64%     72.19% |           2      1.32%     73.51% |           7      4.64%     78.15% |           0      0.00%     78.15% |          10      6.62%     84.77% |           0      0.00%     84.77% |           6      3.97%     88.74% |           8      5.30%     94.04% |           9      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1172404     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |       23333      1.33%     68.00% |       18340      1.04%     69.04% |       23022      1.31%     70.35% |       18401      1.05%     71.39% |       23068      1.31%     72.71% |       23211      1.32%     74.03% |       17880      1.02%     75.04% |       18415      1.05%     76.09% |       23181      1.32%     77.41% |       18387      1.05%     78.45% |       17882      1.02%     79.47% |       18647      1.06%     80.53% |       18376      1.04%     81.58% |       23346      1.33%     82.90% |       23219      1.32%     84.22% |       18146      1.03%     85.26% |       22911      1.30%     86.56% |       18258      1.04%     87.60% |       18331      1.04%     88.64% |       18274      1.04%     89.68% |       17913      1.02%     90.70% |       17981      1.02%     91.72% |       18089      1.03%     92.75% |       18069      1.03%     93.77% |       18537      1.05%     94.83% |       18136      1.03%     95.86% |       18324      1.04%     96.90% |       17695      1.01%     97.91% |       18331      1.04%     98.95% |       18448      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1758555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.66%      0.66% |           0      0.00%      0.66% |          11      7.28%      7.95% |           4      2.65%     10.60% |           6      3.97%     14.57% |           3      1.99%     16.56% |           0      0.00%     16.56% |           0      0.00%     16.56% |           6      3.97%     20.53% |           1      0.66%     21.19% |           3      1.99%     23.18% |           1      0.66%     23.84% |          22     14.57%     38.41% |           5      3.31%     41.72% |           3      1.99%     43.71% |           1      0.66%     44.37% |           1      0.66%     45.03% |           9      5.96%     50.99% |           3      1.99%     52.98% |           5      3.31%     56.29% |           0      0.00%     56.29% |          15      9.93%     66.23% |           2      1.32%     67.55% |           7      4.64%     72.19% |           2      1.32%     73.51% |           7      4.64%     78.15% |           0      0.00%     78.15% |          10      6.62%     84.77% |           0      0.00%     84.77% |           6      3.97%     88.74% |           8      5.30%     94.04% |           9      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3613      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3748      2.98%     20.65% |        3350      2.66%     23.31% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.11% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.49% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.86% |        3420      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3297      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.23% |        5240      4.17%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114482     15.56%     15.56% |       20856      2.83%     18.40% |       18791      2.55%     20.95% |       21500      2.92%     23.87% |       21030      2.86%     26.73% |       19897      2.70%     29.43% |       18352      2.49%     31.93% |       18312      2.49%     34.42% |       20831      2.83%     37.25% |       19160      2.60%     39.85% |       22493      3.06%     42.91% |       20626      2.80%     45.71% |       19132      2.60%     48.31% |       18603      2.53%     50.84% |       18296      2.49%     53.33% |       18302      2.49%     55.82% |       20382      2.77%     58.59% |       18791      2.55%     61.14% |       18979      2.58%     63.72% |       20019      2.72%     66.44% |       19979      2.72%     69.16% |       26274      3.57%     72.73% |       23206      3.15%     75.88% |       19665      2.67%     78.56% |       19611      2.67%     81.22% |       19011      2.58%     83.81% |       18539      2.52%     86.33% |       18257      2.48%     88.81% |       20172      2.74%     91.55% |       19478      2.65%     94.20% |       21246      2.89%     97.08% |       21458      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       735730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30783      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.32% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.68% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34685      3.27%     63.16% |       37257      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.95% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33997      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      170772      9.71%      9.71% |       53229      3.03%     12.74% |       48234      2.74%     15.48% |       51949      2.95%     18.43% |       52460      2.98%     21.42% |       48458      2.76%     24.17% |       44939      2.56%     26.73% |       44942      2.56%     29.28% |       50216      2.86%     32.14% |       48676      2.77%     34.91% |       52888      3.01%     37.92% |       49890      2.84%     40.75% |       47147      2.68%     43.43% |       45765      2.60%     46.04% |       46724      2.66%     48.69% |       45456      2.58%     51.28% |       49242      2.80%     54.08% |       47315      2.69%     56.77% |       48852      2.78%     59.55% |       52947      3.01%     62.56% |       53452      3.04%     65.60% |       62277      3.54%     69.14% |       56920      3.24%     72.37% |       52164      2.97%     75.34% |       52208      2.97%     78.31% |       50360      2.86%     81.17% |       51423      2.92%     84.10% |       51229      2.91%     87.01% |       54429      3.10%     90.11% |       54089      3.08%     93.18% |       62391      3.55%     96.73% |       57519      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1758562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          13      5.37%      5.37% |          18      7.44%     12.81% |           9      3.72%     16.53% |           9      3.72%     20.25% |          15      6.20%     26.45% |          12      4.96%     31.40% |           7      2.89%     34.30% |           8      3.31%     37.60% |           7      2.89%     40.50% |           4      1.65%     42.15% |           6      2.48%     44.63% |           5      2.07%     46.69% |           5      2.07%     48.76% |           5      2.07%     50.83% |           3      1.24%     52.07% |           9      3.72%     55.79% |           5      2.07%     57.85% |           3      1.24%     59.09% |           4      1.65%     60.74% |           3      1.24%     61.98% |           1      0.41%     62.40% |          10      4.13%     66.53% |          10      4.13%     70.66% |           9      3.72%     74.38% |          10      4.13%     78.51% |           8      3.31%     81.82% |           5      2.07%     83.88% |           9      3.72%     87.60% |           8      3.31%     90.91% |           5      2.07%     92.98% |           5      2.07%     95.04% |          12      4.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34251      4.34%      4.34% |       24381      3.09%      7.43% |       24394      3.09%     10.51% |       24385      3.09%     13.60% |       24374      3.09%     16.69% |       24373      3.09%     19.78% |       24374      3.09%     22.86% |       24379      3.09%     25.95% |       24387      3.09%     29.04% |       24365      3.09%     32.13% |       24364      3.09%     35.21% |       24373      3.09%     38.30% |       24350      3.08%     41.38% |       24359      3.08%     44.47% |       24357      3.08%     47.55% |       24352      3.08%     50.63% |       24381      3.09%     53.72% |       24375      3.09%     56.81% |       24378      3.09%     59.90% |       24377      3.09%     62.98% |       24364      3.09%     66.07% |       24380      3.09%     69.16% |       24370      3.09%     72.24% |       24366      3.09%     75.33% |       24389      3.09%     78.42% |       24358      3.08%     81.50% |       24349      3.08%     84.59% |       24343      3.08%     87.67% |       24347      3.08%     90.75% |       24331      3.08%     93.83% |       24341      3.08%     96.92% |       24343      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       789610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       16326      3.34%      3.34% |       15240      3.11%      6.45% |       15250      3.12%      9.56% |       15229      3.11%     12.68% |       15202      3.11%     15.78% |       15167      3.10%     18.88% |       15212      3.11%     21.99% |       15218      3.11%     25.10% |       15359      3.14%     28.23% |       15240      3.11%     31.35% |       15299      3.13%     34.47% |       15246      3.11%     37.59% |       15320      3.13%     40.72% |       15286      3.12%     43.84% |       15284      3.12%     46.96% |       15225      3.11%     50.07% |       15332      3.13%     53.20% |       15261      3.12%     56.32% |       15276      3.12%     59.44% |       15215      3.11%     62.55% |       15246      3.11%     65.67% |       15296      3.12%     68.79% |       15247      3.11%     71.91% |       15209      3.11%     75.01% |       15364      3.14%     78.15% |       15368      3.14%     81.29% |       15306      3.13%     84.42% |       15240      3.11%     87.53% |       15256      3.12%     90.65% |       15286      3.12%     93.77% |       15258      3.12%     96.89% |       15233      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       51689      3.94%      3.94% |       40669      3.10%      7.04% |       40690      3.10%     10.14% |       40660      3.10%     13.23% |       40620      3.09%     16.33% |       40585      3.09%     19.42% |       40632      3.10%     22.52% |       40643      3.10%     25.61% |       40792      3.11%     28.72% |       40651      3.10%     31.82% |       40708      3.10%     34.92% |       40664      3.10%     38.02% |       40715      3.10%     41.12% |       40690      3.10%     44.22% |       40686      3.10%     47.32% |       40622      3.09%     50.41% |       40758      3.11%     53.52% |       40682      3.10%     56.62% |       40700      3.10%     59.72% |       40638      3.10%     62.81% |       40656      3.10%     65.91% |       40723      3.10%     69.01% |       40663      3.10%     72.11% |       40620      3.09%     75.20% |       40798      3.11%     78.31% |       40773      3.11%     81.42% |       40701      3.10%     84.52% |       40628      3.10%     87.61% |       40648      3.10%     90.71% |       40663      3.10%     93.81% |       40646      3.10%     96.91% |       40623      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1312636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       50665      3.96%      3.96% |       39645      3.10%      7.06% |       39666      3.10%     10.16% |       39636      3.10%     13.25% |       39597      3.09%     16.35% |       39561      3.09%     19.44% |       39608      3.09%     22.53% |       39619      3.10%     25.63% |       39768      3.11%     28.73% |       39627      3.10%     31.83% |       39684      3.10%     34.93% |       39640      3.10%     38.03% |       39691      3.10%     41.13% |       39666      3.10%     44.23% |       39662      3.10%     47.33% |       39598      3.09%     50.42% |       39734      3.10%     53.53% |       39658      3.10%     56.62% |       39676      3.10%     59.72% |       39614      3.10%     62.82% |       39632      3.10%     65.92% |       39699      3.10%     69.02% |       39639      3.10%     72.12% |       39596      3.09%     75.21% |       39774      3.11%     78.32% |       39749      3.11%     81.42% |       39677      3.10%     84.52% |       39604      3.09%     87.62% |       39624      3.10%     90.71% |       39639      3.10%     93.81% |       39622      3.10%     96.91% |       39599      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1279869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         219      5.53%      5.53% |          84      2.12%      7.66% |          91      2.30%      9.95% |          90      2.27%     12.23% |          91      2.30%     14.53% |          88      2.22%     16.75% |          93      2.35%     19.10% |          89      2.25%     21.35% |         131      3.31%     24.66% |         120      3.03%     27.69% |         124      3.13%     30.82% |         121      3.06%     33.88% |         125      3.16%     37.04% |         121      3.06%     40.10% |         118      2.98%     43.08% |         119      3.01%     46.08% |         152      3.84%     49.92% |         117      2.96%     52.88% |         123      3.11%     55.99% |         119      3.01%     58.99% |         135      3.41%     62.41% |         137      3.46%     65.87% |         117      2.96%     68.82% |         116      2.93%     71.75% |         177      4.47%     76.23% |         132      3.34%     79.56% |         135      3.41%     82.97% |         134      3.39%     86.36% |         135      3.41%     89.77% |         134      3.39%     93.15% |         135      3.41%     96.56% |         136      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         3958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           9      9.00%      9.00% |           8      8.00%     17.00% |           4      4.00%     21.00% |           4      4.00%     25.00% |           7      7.00%     32.00% |           5      5.00%     37.00% |           3      3.00%     40.00% |           3      3.00%     43.00% |           3      3.00%     46.00% |           1      1.00%     47.00% |           1      1.00%     48.00% |           1      1.00%     49.00% |           1      1.00%     50.00% |           2      2.00%     52.00% |           2      2.00%     54.00% |           2      2.00%     56.00% |           2      2.00%     58.00% |           1      1.00%     59.00% |           1      1.00%     60.00% |           1      1.00%     61.00% |           0      0.00%     61.00% |           5      5.00%     66.00% |           4      4.00%     70.00% |           3      3.00%     73.00% |           5      5.00%     78.00% |           4      4.00%     82.00% |           2      2.00%     84.00% |           4      4.00%     88.00% |           4      4.00%     92.00% |           2      2.00%     94.00% |           2      2.00%     96.00% |           4      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1456      3.25%      3.25% |        1321      2.94%      6.19% |        1307      2.91%      9.10% |        1314      2.93%     12.03% |        1308      2.92%     14.95% |        1302      2.90%     17.85% |        1324      2.95%     20.80% |        1354      3.02%     23.82% |        1577      3.52%     27.34% |        1410      3.14%     30.48% |        1472      3.28%     33.76% |        1465      3.27%     37.03% |        1519      3.39%     40.41% |        1484      3.31%     43.72% |        1482      3.30%     47.03% |        1462      3.26%     50.29% |        1621      3.61%     53.90% |        1402      3.13%     57.02% |        1393      3.11%     60.13% |        1360      3.03%     63.16% |        1354      3.02%     66.18% |        1422      3.17%     69.35% |        1374      3.06%     72.41% |        1351      3.01%     75.42% |        1550      3.46%     78.88% |        1437      3.20%     82.08% |        1382      3.08%     85.16% |        1335      2.98%     88.14% |        1314      2.93%     91.07% |        1364      3.04%     94.11% |        1342      2.99%     97.10% |        1300      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        44858                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172128      9.58%      9.58% |       54374      3.02%     12.60% |       49382      2.75%     15.35% |       53091      2.95%     18.30% |       53603      2.98%     21.28% |       49608      2.76%     24.04% |       46072      2.56%     26.61% |       46082      2.56%     29.17% |       51608      2.87%     32.04% |       49942      2.78%     34.82% |       54176      3.01%     37.83% |       51158      2.85%     40.68% |       48421      2.69%     43.37% |       47030      2.62%     45.99% |       47997      2.67%     48.66% |       46729      2.60%     51.26% |       50678      2.82%     54.08% |       48481      2.70%     56.78% |       50018      2.78%     59.56% |       54126      3.01%     62.57% |       54648      3.04%     65.61% |       63499      3.53%     69.14% |       58115      3.23%     72.37% |       53359      2.97%     75.34% |       53600      2.98%     78.32% |       51528      2.87%     81.19% |       52595      2.93%     84.12% |       52399      2.92%     87.03% |       55604      3.09%     90.13% |       55256      3.07%     93.20% |       63561      3.54%     96.74% |       58682      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1797550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.88% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         451      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         523      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       26200      5.17%      5.17% |       15551      3.07%      8.24% |       15578      3.07%     11.31% |       15532      3.06%     14.37% |       15500      3.06%     17.43% |       15481      3.05%     20.48% |       15485      3.05%     23.54% |       15486      3.05%     26.59% |       15580      3.07%     29.67% |       15526      3.06%     32.73% |       15558      3.07%     35.80% |       15479      3.05%     38.85% |       15490      3.06%     41.91% |       15496      3.06%     44.97% |       15507      3.06%     48.02% |       15468      3.05%     51.08% |       15529      3.06%     54.14% |       15470      3.05%     57.19% |       15494      3.06%     60.25% |       15480      3.05%     63.30% |       15494      3.06%     66.36% |       15502      3.06%     69.42% |       15516      3.06%     72.48% |       15496      3.06%     75.53% |       15558      3.07%     78.60% |       15515      3.06%     81.66% |       15495      3.06%     84.72% |       15479      3.05%     87.77% |       15520      3.06%     90.84% |       15480      3.05%     93.89% |       15477      3.05%     96.94% |       15501      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       506923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24986      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24707      3.13%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.12%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24714      3.13%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.12%     65.64% |       24698      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24721      3.13%     78.14% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.39% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       790024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           6      5.56%      5.56% |           8      7.41%     12.96% |           4      3.70%     16.67% |           4      3.70%     20.37% |           8      7.41%     27.78% |           7      6.48%     34.26% |           4      3.70%     37.96% |           4      3.70%     41.67% |           2      1.85%     43.52% |           0      0.00%     43.52% |           2      1.85%     45.37% |           1      0.93%     46.30% |           2      1.85%     48.15% |           3      2.78%     50.93% |           1      0.93%     51.85% |           5      4.63%     56.48% |           3      2.78%     59.26% |           1      0.93%     60.19% |           1      0.93%     61.11% |           1      0.93%     62.04% |           1      0.93%     62.96% |           4      3.70%     66.67% |           5      4.63%     71.30% |           4      3.70%     75.00% |           5      4.63%     79.63% |           3      2.78%     82.41% |           2      1.85%     84.26% |           4      3.70%     87.96% |           3      2.78%     90.74% |           2      1.85%     92.59% |           2      1.85%     94.44% |           6      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.87%     14.65% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.75% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.68% |         499      3.18%     35.86% |         549      3.50%     39.36% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.93% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.09% |         480      3.06%     62.15% |         473      3.02%     65.16% |         524      3.34%     68.50% |         479      3.05%     71.56% |         452      2.88%     74.44% |         522      3.33%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         525      3.35%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.85% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88221     38.64%     38.64% |        5282      2.31%     40.95% |        3199      1.40%     42.35% |        5940      2.60%     44.95% |        5519      2.42%     47.37% |        4330      1.90%     49.27% |        2849      1.25%     50.51% |        2818      1.23%     51.75% |        5246      2.30%     54.05% |        3633      1.59%     55.64% |        6916      3.03%     58.67% |        5141      2.25%     60.92% |        3638      1.59%     62.51% |        3101      1.36%     63.87% |        2754      1.21%     65.08% |        2829      1.24%     66.31% |        4844      2.12%     68.44% |        3315      1.45%     69.89% |        3422      1.50%     71.39% |        4521      1.98%     73.37% |        4485      1.96%     75.33% |       10753      4.71%     80.04% |        7685      3.37%     83.41% |        4164      1.82%     85.23% |        4046      1.77%     87.00% |        3496      1.53%     88.53% |        3043      1.33%     89.87% |        2775      1.22%     91.08% |        4647      2.04%     93.12% |        3998      1.75%     94.87% |        5764      2.52%     97.39% |        5955      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       228329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32719     12.02%     12.02% |        8872      3.26%     15.28% |        5926      2.18%     17.45% |        6937      2.55%     20.00% |        7914      2.91%     22.91% |        5123      1.88%     24.79% |        3063      1.13%     25.92% |        3112      1.14%     27.06% |        6074      2.23%     29.29% |        6102      2.24%     31.53% |        7039      2.59%     34.12% |        5850      2.15%     36.27% |        4613      1.69%     37.96% |        3762      1.38%     39.34% |        5065      1.86%     41.21% |        3770      1.38%     42.59% |        5591      2.05%     44.64% |        5016      1.84%     46.49% |        6418      2.36%     48.84% |        9445      3.47%     52.31% |        9980      3.67%     55.98% |       12546      4.61%     60.59% |       10244      3.76%     64.35% |        9025      3.32%     67.67% |        9274      3.41%     71.07% |        7836      2.88%     73.95% |        9373      3.44%     77.39% |        9474      3.48%     80.88% |       10761      3.95%     84.83% |       11106      4.08%     88.91% |       17638      6.48%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34250      4.34%      4.34% |       24378      3.09%      7.43% |       24390      3.09%     10.52% |       24382      3.09%     13.60% |       24373      3.09%     16.69% |       24367      3.09%     19.78% |       24370      3.09%     22.86% |       24378      3.09%     25.95% |       24386      3.09%     29.04% |       24363      3.09%     32.13% |       24361      3.09%     35.21% |       24371      3.09%     38.30% |       24347      3.08%     41.38% |       24358      3.09%     44.47% |       24355      3.08%     47.55% |       24351      3.08%     50.64% |       24380      3.09%     53.72% |       24374      3.09%     56.81% |       24375      3.09%     59.90% |       24377      3.09%     62.99% |       24361      3.09%     66.07% |       24376      3.09%     69.16% |       24367      3.09%     72.25% |       24364      3.09%     75.33% |       24352      3.08%     78.42% |       24355      3.08%     81.50% |       24348      3.08%     84.59% |       24342      3.08%     87.67% |       24344      3.08%     90.75% |       24330      3.08%     93.83% |       24340      3.08%     96.92% |       24341      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       789506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14701      3.34%      3.34% |       13830      3.14%      6.47% |       13853      3.14%      9.62% |       13825      3.14%     12.75% |       13798      3.13%     15.88% |       13778      3.13%     19.01% |       13797      3.13%     22.14% |       13774      3.13%     25.26% |       13650      3.10%     28.36% |       13712      3.11%     31.47% |       13706      3.11%     34.58% |       13662      3.10%     37.68% |       13679      3.10%     40.79% |       13681      3.10%     43.89% |       13685      3.10%     46.99% |       13644      3.10%     50.09% |       13559      3.08%     53.17% |       13743      3.12%     56.28% |       13763      3.12%     59.41% |       13735      3.12%     62.52% |       13760      3.12%     65.64% |       13736      3.12%     68.76% |       13755      3.12%     71.88% |       13741      3.12%     75.00% |       13669      3.10%     78.10% |       13798      3.13%     81.23% |       13788      3.13%     84.36% |       13768      3.12%     87.48% |       13806      3.13%     90.62% |       13787      3.13%     93.74% |       13780      3.13%     96.87% |       13795      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       440758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      170765      9.71%      9.71% |       53229      3.03%     12.74% |       48234      2.74%     15.48% |       51949      2.95%     18.43% |       52460      2.98%     21.42% |       48458      2.76%     24.17% |       44939      2.56%     26.73% |       44942      2.56%     29.28% |       50216      2.86%     32.14% |       48676      2.77%     34.91% |       52888      3.01%     37.91% |       49890      2.84%     40.75% |       47147      2.68%     43.43% |       45765      2.60%     46.04% |       46724      2.66%     48.69% |       45456      2.58%     51.28% |       49242      2.80%     54.08% |       47315      2.69%     56.77% |       48852      2.78%     59.55% |       52947      3.01%     62.56% |       53452      3.04%     65.60% |       62277      3.54%     69.14% |       56920      3.24%     72.37% |       52164      2.97%     75.34% |       52208      2.97%     78.31% |       50360      2.86%     81.17% |       51423      2.92%     84.10% |       51229      2.91%     87.01% |       54429      3.10%     90.11% |       54089      3.08%     93.18% |       62391      3.55%     96.73% |       57519      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1758555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.39%      1.39% |           2      2.78%      4.17% |           1      1.39%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4      5.56%     11.11% |           1      1.39%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2      2.78%     15.28% |           1      1.39%     16.67% |           1      1.39%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           1      1.39%     19.44% |           0      0.00%     19.44% |           2      2.78%     22.22% |           4      5.56%     27.78% |           3      4.17%     31.94% |           2      2.78%     34.72% |          37     51.39%     86.11% |           2      2.78%     88.89% |           1      1.39%     90.28% |           1      1.39%     91.67% |           3      4.17%     95.83% |           1      1.39%     97.22% |           1      1.39%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1118      3.38%      3.38% |         956      2.89%      6.28% |         959      2.90%      9.18% |         955      2.89%     12.07% |         953      2.88%     14.95% |         957      2.90%     17.85% |         943      2.85%     20.70% |         954      2.89%     23.59% |        1205      3.65%     27.23% |        1086      3.29%     30.52% |        1105      3.34%     33.86% |        1085      3.28%     37.14% |        1092      3.30%     40.45% |        1083      3.28%     43.72% |        1090      3.30%     47.02% |        1091      3.30%     50.32% |        1260      3.81%     54.14% |         986      2.98%     57.12% |         984      2.98%     60.10% |        1000      3.03%     63.12% |        1013      3.07%     66.19% |        1036      3.13%     69.32% |        1013      3.07%     72.39% |        1016      3.07%     75.46% |        1173      3.55%     79.01% |         991      3.00%     82.01% |         993      3.00%     85.01% |         994      3.01%     88.02% |         995      3.01%     91.03% |         989      2.99%     94.02% |         992      3.00%     97.03% |         983      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        33050                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     18.18%     18.18% |           5     15.15%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          11     33.33%     66.67% |           4     12.12%     78.79% |           7     21.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           5     27.78%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           7     38.89%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |          16     84.21%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           2      4.65%      6.98% |           1      2.33%      9.30% |           1      2.33%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           0      0.00%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           4      9.30%     27.91% |           4      9.30%     37.21% |           3      6.98%     44.19% |           3      6.98%     51.16% |           2      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           2      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      2.33%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           2      4.65%     74.42% |           0      0.00%     74.42% |           1      2.33%     76.74% |           2      4.65%     81.40% |           2      4.65%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           2      4.65%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       50665      3.96%      3.96% |       39645      3.10%      7.06% |       39666      3.10%     10.16% |       39636      3.10%     13.25% |       39597      3.09%     16.35% |       39561      3.09%     19.44% |       39608      3.09%     22.53% |       39619      3.10%     25.63% |       39768      3.11%     28.73% |       39627      3.10%     31.83% |       39684      3.10%     34.93% |       39640      3.10%     38.03% |       39691      3.10%     41.13% |       39666      3.10%     44.23% |       39662      3.10%     47.33% |       39598      3.09%     50.42% |       39734      3.10%     53.53% |       39658      3.10%     56.62% |       39676      3.10%     59.72% |       39614      3.10%     62.82% |       39632      3.10%     65.92% |       39699      3.10%     69.02% |       39639      3.10%     72.12% |       39596      3.09%     75.21% |       39774      3.11%     78.32% |       39749      3.11%     81.42% |       39677      3.10%     84.52% |       39604      3.09%     87.62% |       39624      3.10%     90.71% |       39639      3.10%     93.81% |       39622      3.10%     96.91% |       39599      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1279869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     49.07%     49.07% |           0      0.00%     49.07% |           2      1.85%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           0      0.00%     50.93% |           1      0.93%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      0.93%     52.78% |           0      0.00%     52.78% |           0      0.00%     52.78% |           0      0.00%     52.78% |           0      0.00%     52.78% |           0      0.00%     52.78% |           1      0.93%     53.70% |           0      0.00%     53.70% |           2      1.85%     55.56% |           1      0.93%     56.48% |           1      0.93%     57.41% |           1      0.93%     58.33% |          37     34.26%     92.59% |           1      0.93%     93.52% |           1      0.93%     94.44% |           1      0.93%     95.37% |           2      1.85%     97.22% |           1      0.93%     98.15% |           1      0.93%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     22.22%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3     16.67%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           6      6.59%      6.59% |           8      8.79%     15.38% |           4      4.40%     19.78% |           4      4.40%     24.18% |           6      6.59%     30.77% |           5      5.49%     36.26% |           2      2.20%     38.46% |           3      3.30%     41.76% |           1      1.10%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      1.10%     43.96% |           1      1.10%     45.05% |           1      1.10%     46.15% |           2      2.20%     48.35% |           0      0.00%     48.35% |           4      4.40%     52.75% |           2      2.20%     54.95% |           1      1.10%     56.04% |           1      1.10%     57.14% |           1      1.10%     58.24% |           0      0.00%     58.24% |           4      4.40%     62.64% |           5      5.49%     68.13% |           4      4.40%     72.53% |           3      3.30%     75.82% |           3      3.30%     79.12% |           2      2.20%     81.32% |           4      4.40%     85.71% |           3      3.30%     89.01% |           2      2.20%     91.21% |           2      2.20%     93.41% |           6      6.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           91                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         166      4.33%      4.33% |          84      2.19%      6.52% |          88      2.30%      8.82% |          89      2.32%     11.14% |          90      2.35%     13.48% |          88      2.30%     15.78% |          92      2.40%     18.18% |          88      2.30%     20.47% |         130      3.39%     23.87% |         119      3.10%     26.97% |         122      3.18%     30.15% |         120      3.13%     33.28% |         123      3.21%     36.49% |         120      3.13%     39.62% |         117      3.05%     42.67% |         118      3.08%     45.75% |         151      3.94%     49.69% |         116      3.03%     52.71% |         121      3.16%     55.87% |         119      3.10%     58.97% |         133      3.47%     62.44% |         136      3.55%     65.99% |         116      3.03%     69.01% |         115      3.00%     72.01% |         140      3.65%     75.67% |         131      3.42%     79.08% |         134      3.50%     82.58% |         133      3.47%     86.05% |         133      3.47%     89.51% |         133      3.47%     92.98% |         134      3.50%     96.48% |         135      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         3834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           5      5.21%      5.21% |           8      8.33%     13.54% |           4      4.17%     17.71% |           4      4.17%     21.87% |           7      7.29%     29.17% |           5      5.21%     34.37% |           3      3.12%     37.50% |           3      3.12%     40.62% |           3      3.12%     43.75% |           1      1.04%     44.79% |           1      1.04%     45.83% |           1      1.04%     46.88% |           1      1.04%     47.92% |           2      2.08%     50.00% |           2      2.08%     52.08% |           2      2.08%     54.17% |           2      2.08%     56.25% |           1      1.04%     57.29% |           1      1.04%     58.33% |           1      1.04%     59.38% |           0      0.00%     59.38% |           5      5.21%     64.58% |           4      4.17%     68.75% |           3      3.12%     71.88% |           5      5.21%     77.08% |           4      4.17%     81.25% |           2      2.08%     83.33% |           4      4.17%     87.50% |           4      4.17%     91.67% |           2      2.08%     93.75% |           2      2.08%     95.83% |           4      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           96                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         947      3.25%      3.25% |         864      2.97%      6.22% |         867      2.98%      9.20% |         862      2.96%     12.16% |         856      2.94%     15.10% |         864      2.97%     18.06% |         848      2.91%     20.98% |         863      2.96%     23.94% |        1072      3.68%     27.62% |         966      3.32%     30.94% |         982      3.37%     34.31% |         964      3.31%     37.62% |         968      3.32%     40.94% |         961      3.30%     44.24% |         971      3.33%     47.58% |         971      3.33%     50.91% |        1107      3.80%     54.71% |         869      2.98%     57.70% |         862      2.96%     60.66% |         880      3.02%     63.68% |         880      3.02%     66.70% |         895      3.07%     69.78% |         893      3.07%     72.84% |         898      3.08%     75.93% |        1028      3.53%     79.46% |         856      2.94%     82.40% |         857      2.94%     85.34% |         857      2.94%     88.28% |         858      2.95%     91.23% |         854      2.93%     94.16% |         856      2.94%     97.10% |         844      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        29120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.87%     14.65% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.75% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.68% |         499      3.18%     35.86% |         549      3.50%     39.36% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.93% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.09% |         480      3.06%     62.15% |         473      3.02%     65.16% |         524      3.34%     68.50% |         479      3.05%     71.56% |         452      2.88%     74.44% |         522      3.33%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         525      3.35%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.85% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       26200      5.17%      5.17% |       15551      3.07%      8.24% |       15578      3.07%     11.31% |       15532      3.06%     14.37% |       15500      3.06%     17.43% |       15481      3.05%     20.48% |       15485      3.05%     23.54% |       15486      3.05%     26.59% |       15580      3.07%     29.67% |       15526      3.06%     32.73% |       15558      3.07%     35.80% |       15479      3.05%     38.85% |       15490      3.06%     41.91% |       15496      3.06%     44.97% |       15507      3.06%     48.02% |       15468      3.05%     51.08% |       15529      3.06%     54.14% |       15470      3.05%     57.19% |       15494      3.06%     60.25% |       15480      3.05%     63.30% |       15494      3.06%     66.36% |       15502      3.06%     69.42% |       15516      3.06%     72.48% |       15496      3.06%     75.53% |       15558      3.07%     78.60% |       15515      3.06%     81.66% |       15495      3.06%     84.72% |       15479      3.05%     87.77% |       15520      3.06%     90.84% |       15480      3.05%     93.89% |       15477      3.05%     96.94% |       15501      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       506923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.36% |         491      3.13%     23.49% |         505      3.22%     26.71% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.65% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.67% |         510      3.25%     45.92% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.18% |         474      3.02%     65.20% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         523      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24986      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24707      3.13%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.12%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24714      3.13%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.12%     65.64% |       24698      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24721      3.13%     78.14% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.39% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       790024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172126      9.58%      9.58% |       54370      3.02%     12.60% |       49377      2.75%     15.35% |       53088      2.95%     18.30% |       53603      2.98%     21.28% |       49608      2.76%     24.04% |       46072      2.56%     26.61% |       46082      2.56%     29.17% |       51607      2.87%     32.04% |       49941      2.78%     34.82% |       54176      3.01%     37.83% |       51157      2.85%     40.68% |       48415      2.69%     43.37% |       47030      2.62%     45.99% |       47995      2.67%     48.66% |       46729      2.60%     51.26% |       50678      2.82%     54.08% |       48481      2.70%     56.78% |       50011      2.78%     59.56% |       54121      3.01%     62.57% |       54647      3.04%     65.61% |       63499      3.53%     69.14% |       58115      3.23%     72.37% |       53359      2.97%     75.34% |       53599      2.98%     78.32% |       51527      2.87%     81.19% |       52594      2.93%     84.12% |       52398      2.92%     87.03% |       55599      3.09%     90.13% |       55256      3.07%     93.20% |       63560      3.54%     96.74% |       58682      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1797502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           4     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       38012     12.82%     12.82% |      148234     50.00%     62.82% |        4652      1.57%     64.39% |        3822      1.29%     65.68% |        4716      1.59%     67.27% |        3913      1.32%     68.59% |        4753      1.60%     70.19% |        4965      1.67%     71.87% |        3224      1.09%     72.96% |        3380      1.14%     74.10% |        4229      1.43%     75.52% |        3387      1.14%     76.66% |        3554      1.20%     77.86% |        3356      1.13%     79.00% |        3048      1.03%     80.02% |        4179      1.41%     81.43% |        4398      1.48%     82.92% |        3560      1.20%     84.12% |        4407      1.49%     85.60% |        3195      1.08%     86.68% |        3208      1.08%     87.76% |        3303      1.11%     88.88% |        3122      1.05%     89.93% |        2999      1.01%     90.94% |        3265      1.10%     92.04% |        3386      1.14%     93.19% |        3301      1.11%     94.30% |        3112      1.05%     95.35% |        3319      1.12%     96.47% |        3447      1.16%     97.63% |        3433      1.16%     98.79% |        3589      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       296468                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       38012     12.82%     12.82% |      148234     50.00%     62.82% |        4652      1.57%     64.39% |        3822      1.29%     65.68% |        4716      1.59%     67.27% |        3913      1.32%     68.59% |        4753      1.60%     70.19% |        4965      1.67%     71.87% |        3224      1.09%     72.96% |        3380      1.14%     74.10% |        4229      1.43%     75.52% |        3387      1.14%     76.66% |        3554      1.20%     77.86% |        3356      1.13%     79.00% |        3048      1.03%     80.02% |        4179      1.41%     81.43% |        4398      1.48%     82.92% |        3560      1.20%     84.12% |        4407      1.49%     85.60% |        3195      1.08%     86.68% |        3208      1.08%     87.76% |        3303      1.11%     88.88% |        3122      1.05%     89.93% |        2999      1.01%     90.94% |        3265      1.10%     92.04% |        3386      1.14%     93.19% |        3301      1.11%     94.30% |        3112      1.05%     95.35% |        3319      1.12%     96.47% |        3447      1.16%     97.63% |        3433      1.16%     98.79% |        3589      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       296468                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       38012     12.82%     12.82% |      148234     50.00%     62.82% |        4652      1.57%     64.39% |        3822      1.29%     65.68% |        4716      1.59%     67.27% |        3913      1.32%     68.59% |        4753      1.60%     70.19% |        4965      1.67%     71.87% |        3224      1.09%     72.96% |        3380      1.14%     74.10% |        4229      1.43%     75.52% |        3387      1.14%     76.66% |        3554      1.20%     77.86% |        3356      1.13%     79.00% |        3048      1.03%     80.02% |        4179      1.41%     81.43% |        4398      1.48%     82.92% |        3560      1.20%     84.12% |        4407      1.49%     85.60% |        3195      1.08%     86.68% |        3208      1.08%     87.76% |        3303      1.11%     88.88% |        3122      1.05%     89.93% |        2999      1.01%     90.94% |        3265      1.10%     92.04% |        3386      1.14%     93.19% |        3301      1.11%     94.30% |        3112      1.05%     95.35% |        3319      1.12%     96.47% |        3447      1.16%     97.63% |        3433      1.16%     98.79% |        3589      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       296468                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       38012     12.82%     12.82% |      148234     50.00%     62.82% |        4652      1.57%     64.39% |        3822      1.29%     65.68% |        4716      1.59%     67.27% |        3913      1.32%     68.59% |        4753      1.60%     70.19% |        4965      1.67%     71.87% |        3224      1.09%     72.96% |        3380      1.14%     74.10% |        4229      1.43%     75.52% |        3387      1.14%     76.66% |        3554      1.20%     77.86% |        3356      1.13%     79.00% |        3048      1.03%     80.02% |        4179      1.41%     81.43% |        4398      1.48%     82.92% |        3560      1.20%     84.12% |        4407      1.49%     85.60% |        3195      1.08%     86.68% |        3208      1.08%     87.76% |        3303      1.11%     88.88% |        3122      1.05%     89.93% |        2999      1.01%     90.94% |        3265      1.10%     92.04% |        3386      1.14%     93.19% |        3301      1.11%     94.30% |        3112      1.05%     95.35% |        3319      1.12%     96.47% |        3447      1.16%     97.63% |        3433      1.16%     98.79% |        3589      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       296468                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
