
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059787                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59787165500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235955244000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31797961                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4818660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1880.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39782536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70766602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234737738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234737738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67030306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67030306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301768044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301768044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219286                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      714                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      350                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59786773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219286                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.221787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.435388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.930255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41830     48.75%     48.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17777     20.72%     69.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14910     17.38%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2606      3.04%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1792      2.09%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1318      1.54%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1089      1.27%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      1.06%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3583      4.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.740082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.492636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11901     97.15%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          181      1.48%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           68      0.56%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           48      0.39%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           22      0.18%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           17      0.14%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.111429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.075639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.867728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12137     99.08%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            39      0.32%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.14%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           57      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3035589030                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7146770280                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13844.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32594.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38524                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    212082.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10794344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1996280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46992655000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              327453840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              321254640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              178670250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              175287750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862485000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847649400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205688160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200057040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25639395435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24935552595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13379154750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13996560750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44497571115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44381085855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.317046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.368581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231677282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231677282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64239607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64239607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295916889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           295916889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216427                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216427                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      484                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      274                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59786415000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216427                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  43025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.312711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.193554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.820621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38547     47.35%     47.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16950     20.82%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14508     17.82%     86.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2544      3.13%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1837      2.26%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1375      1.69%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1068      1.31%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          945      1.16%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3627      4.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.278677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.986592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11397     97.13%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          164      1.40%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           66      0.56%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           42      0.36%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           37      0.32%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.114028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.836371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11616     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            52      0.44%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           25      0.21%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           41      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2845585859                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6903179609                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13149.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31899.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38888                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216274.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11223750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1996280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46564049750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              310852080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              304539480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169611750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              166167375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851565000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197555760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25333837245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24362736795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13647188250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14499030750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44415333765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44264771160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.941451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.422969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231683705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231683705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64259946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64259946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    295943650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           295943650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      490                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      234                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59786457500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.208383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.019411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.743204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38774     47.60%     47.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16555     20.33%     67.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14627     17.96%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2642      3.24%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1848      2.27%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1357      1.67%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1084      1.33%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          944      1.16%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3620      4.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.248341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    77.030566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11420     97.16%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          156      1.33%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           70      0.60%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           48      0.41%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           34      0.29%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.106857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.072801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.841865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11641     99.04%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            44      0.37%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           23      0.20%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           46      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2871932125                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6929825875                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13270.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32020.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38831                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216254.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11122438500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1996280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46665510500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              311192280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              304569720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              169797375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              166183875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851666400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197588160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25316166960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24512123250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13662688500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14367990000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44413823355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44283286845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.916186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.732684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13837056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13837056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231438569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231438569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64202141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64202141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295640709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295640709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216205                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      458                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      270                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59786420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216205                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.976666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.461254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.534434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38418     47.38%     47.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16521     20.38%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14703     18.13%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2540      3.13%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1896      2.34%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1321      1.63%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1100      1.36%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          915      1.13%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3668      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.255943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.094005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11413     97.24%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          142      1.21%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           69      0.59%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           50      0.43%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           34      0.29%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      0.13%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.109653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.074979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.852033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11633     99.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            36      0.31%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.14%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           51      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2932395800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6986033300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13563.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32313.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38916                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216475.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11012147750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1996280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46774673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              308962080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              304017840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              168580500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              165882750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850309200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3904723680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25228720980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24322820265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13739395500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14534045250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44397930180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44258796105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.650339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.323024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472894                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.459384                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.084682                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.077400                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455349     99.77%     99.77% |       15274      0.20%     99.97% |        1446      0.02%     99.99% |         714      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472894                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20895396                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.638086                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450191                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.971432                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20031145     95.86%     95.86% |      852170      4.08%     99.94% |        6126      0.03%     99.97% |        1394      0.01%     99.98% |        1362      0.01%     99.98% |         674      0.00%     99.99% |         342      0.00%     99.99% |         462      0.00%     99.99% |        1721      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20895396                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20895393                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.517147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.777922                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.324431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20878231     99.92%     99.92% |       14885      0.07%     99.99% |         988      0.00%     99.99% |         643      0.00%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20895393                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19670164                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000240                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015484                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19665453     99.98%     99.98% |        4709      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19670164                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225229                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.358480                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.867076                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       121.001019                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1208067     98.60%     98.60% |       14885      1.21%     99.81% |         988      0.08%     99.89% |         643      0.05%     99.95% |         385      0.03%     99.98% |         178      0.01%     99.99% |          71      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225229                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814715                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814715                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14117666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14558883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4754001                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4878291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111468                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22668                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52988                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1886496                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45273                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3148                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          110                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           68                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           79                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           66                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36286                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          150                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9341997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9341997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9417168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9341997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4618879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617249                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9341997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5726916                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5726916                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5770682                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5726916                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3761406                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3754500                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5726916                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2058591                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2056978                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035465                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3752036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3752036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3777821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1936500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3752036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4040564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4040564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4060873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4040564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2438933                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2436636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4040564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033791                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2170042                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031380                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4823135                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4823135                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856949                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4823135                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083391                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082775                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4823135                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3745366                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810550                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1809917                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031114                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324447                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324142                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021207                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2959976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2959976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2972248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2959976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1649356                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1648928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2959976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024754                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910399                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017265                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735583                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785302                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785253                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014493                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011060                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010943                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016657                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768785                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768785                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771580                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768785                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801082                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       801001                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768784                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014792                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064575                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454803                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454760                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008887                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495959                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495959                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500067                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495959                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676307                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495959                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012511                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041664                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821974                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821878                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017025                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618264                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618264                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621935                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618264                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688980                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688908                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618264                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013534                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507628                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507628                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513084                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507628                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707593                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707408                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507628                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012608                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891078                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891078                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893507                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891078                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398362                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398290                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891078                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888870                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888870                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889269                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888870                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451678                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888870                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007434                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985057                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985057                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985725                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985057                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541391                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541329                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985057                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008238                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007930                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407325                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007098                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972602                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530110                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008128                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935496                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007818                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004995                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880621                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879587                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674028                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674028                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705710                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674028                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674028                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030726                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3794288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696848                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695849                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031457                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820492                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820492                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852948                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820492                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770320                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769372                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820492                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031951                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6349240     29.35%     29.35% |    14162246     65.46%     94.81% |     1123648      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21635134                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6349242     29.35%     29.35% |    14162247     65.46%     94.81% |     1123648      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21635137                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154822377                       |   334751712                       |    25525496                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15378637                       |    45474241                       |     1124493                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.384395                       |   23.636908                       |   22.716630                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.422122                       |    3.210948                       |    1.000752                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.808477                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.864663                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.673140                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002839                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062061      7.10%      7.10% |    0.062202      7.11%     14.21% |    0.061979      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062164      7.11%     28.40% |    0.144926     16.57%     44.97% |    0.144023     16.47%     61.44% |    0.144957     16.57%     78.02% |    0.144012     16.47%     94.48% |    0.012057      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012062      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012061      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012058      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.874561                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021676                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022625                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002798                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002144                       |    0.002132                       |    0.002137                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004929                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002485                       |    0.002456                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002398                       |    0.002524                       |    0.002512                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002495                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002432                       |    0.002418                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002466                       |    0.002485                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002421                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002453                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002502                       |    0.002491                       |    0.002604                       |    0.002644                       |    0.010990                       |    0.010844                       |    0.010844                       |    0.010833                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000637                       |    0.007455                       |    0.000903                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000845                       |    0.000861                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000864                       |    0.000813                       |    0.000825                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002565                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002663                       |    0.001998                       |    0.004023                       |    0.002594                       |    0.000813                       |    0.003668                       |    0.007096                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002592                       |    0.005548                       |           0                       |    0.008229                       |    0.012139                       |    0.003736                       |    0.004848                       |    0.002557                       |    0.000903                       |    0.007813                       |    0.008471                       |    0.010873                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002543                       |    0.000859                       |    0.010285                       |    0.006718                       |    0.006942                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |    0.005412                       |           0                       |    0.011231                       |    0.007145                       |    0.004403                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.005009                       |    0.003577                       |    0.003351                       |           0                       |    0.002583                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002001                       |           0                       |    0.002542                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002135                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002546                       |    0.000825                       |    0.004846                       |    0.003418                       |    0.006909                       |    0.002179                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002568                       |    0.000845                       |    0.003843                       |    0.009541                       |    0.010036                       |    0.002927                       |    0.027442                       |    0.004235                       |    0.000637                       |    0.006871                       |    0.014747                       |    0.017787                       |    0.006407                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002566                       |    0.007455                       |    0.006205                       |    0.012332                       |    0.013009                       |    0.006324                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002526                       |    0.000861                       |    0.005663                       |    0.007866                       |    0.006782                       |    0.003651                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.004913                       |    0.003406                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.002533                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.002453                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.002573                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002517                       |           0                       |    0.002616                       |           0                       |    0.004267                       |    0.003318                       |    0.004539                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002655                       |    0.005413                       |           0                       |    0.002932                       |    0.008043                       |    0.009910                       |    0.002504                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002523                       |    0.000848                       |    0.016695                       |    0.007528                       |    0.006092                       |    0.002619                       |    0.004042                       |    0.002504                       |    0.000864                       |    0.005328                       |    0.010282                       |    0.005566                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002648                       |    0.005407                       |           0                       |    0.003602                       |    0.011279                       |    0.006443                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |           0                       |    0.001610                       |    0.004906                       |    0.003224                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.002563                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002517                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002421                       |           0                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002007                       |           0                       |    0.004355                       |           0                       |    0.002504                       |           0                       |    0.003015                       |    0.001510                       |    0.005482                       |           0                       |    0.002619                       |           0                       |    0.008320                       |    0.003233                       |    0.002853                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002012                       |    0.006356                       |    0.002638                       |           0                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.004351                       |    0.005687                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004915                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002467                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.874561                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8048283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8048283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6146874                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5517185                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.755947                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          743546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29468                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12357820                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52694                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9939230                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44992                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12410514                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9984222                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22297050                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97686                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22394736                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4885412                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9744                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4895156                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4885412                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9744                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4895156                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112745958                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17677138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48171771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8048283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6260731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90074662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       233797                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320924                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4884737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108993035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92408781     84.78%     84.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1693030      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1173130      1.08%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2676655      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1598182      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           732178      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1375926      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           865291      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6469862      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108993035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10426557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86760155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5588401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82441746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12524992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49762520                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6484494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9022093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30820525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81028208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8067877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90526575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184924440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118162267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78039926                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486634                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34356358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7601514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10163141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2635650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2304404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78954273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       659260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82097491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62821                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108993035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76856084     70.51%     70.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12286800     11.27%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6449798      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4676763      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3485625      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3219814      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483359      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339254      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195538      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108993035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181157     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631784     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84558      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273038      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59216423     72.13%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12496749     15.22%     87.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10030824     12.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82097491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.728163                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274257849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87438493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75955329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82721904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2387237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2676                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7557                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5594229                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7142473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34298977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79613533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7601514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10163141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       650044                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         631360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7557                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179415                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213965                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81519869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12346962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22300992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6483150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9954030                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.723040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76035753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75955365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45952959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76137754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673686                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603550                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       596439                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107601136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84655221     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7994977      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4375014      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2460399      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2645020      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2086321      1.94%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480907      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482946      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2420331      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107601136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39782535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70766599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16090086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6446291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6101436                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70392342                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       664741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54439730     76.93%     77.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6446291      9.11%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9643795     13.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70766599                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2420331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184707828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160600443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3752923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39782535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70766599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.834057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.834057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120332321                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59189090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29760598                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24627565                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35445950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10688837500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10688837499.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408227                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.994657                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.214855                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.676094                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3390858     99.49%     99.49% |       15128      0.44%     99.93% |        1421      0.04%     99.98% |         710      0.02%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408227                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039212                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.027113                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989791                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.516311                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873389     71.14%     71.14% |     1165647     28.86%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039212                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25455                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.383265                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.903135                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.880155                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         794      3.12%      3.12% |        3485     13.69%     16.81% |       11403     44.80%     61.61% |        5202     20.44%     82.04% |        4148     16.30%     98.34% |         366      1.44%     99.78% |          52      0.20%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25455                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6148371                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.337722                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.113670                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.460458                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6134435     99.77%     99.77% |       11665      0.19%     99.96% |         982      0.02%     99.98% |         643      0.01%     99.99% |         385      0.01%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6148371                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5344382                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000528                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.022985                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5341560     99.95%     99.95% |        2821      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5344382                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803989                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.409798                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.966955                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    129.377906                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      790053     98.27%     98.27% |       11665      1.45%     99.72% |         982      0.12%     99.84% |         643      0.08%     99.92% |         385      0.05%     99.97% |         178      0.02%     99.99% |          71      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803989                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9711153                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.812936                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362491                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.578131                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9521935     98.05%     98.05% |      166888      1.72%     99.77% |       19023      0.20%     99.97% |         334      0.00%     99.97% |        1286      0.01%     99.98% |        1496      0.02%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9711153                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9423500                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000187                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000162                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013696                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9421735     99.98%     99.98% |        1764      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9423500                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.478382                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.870119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.707966                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98435     34.22%     34.22% |      166888     58.02%     92.24% |       19023      6.61%     98.85% |         334      0.12%     98.97% |        1286      0.45%     99.41% |        1496      0.52%     99.93% |         184      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4878289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.087907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256571                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.710136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4864635     99.72%     99.72% |       11233      0.23%     99.95% |        2161      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4878289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4754001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4754000    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4754001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124288                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.950100                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.155204                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.058077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11233      9.04%     98.05% |        2161      1.74%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.83% |          90      0.07%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753145                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647826                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.166778                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154293     98.73%     98.73% |        1528      0.98%     99.71% |         394      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146882     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.983925                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.738869                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.596506                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1528     16.49%     95.11% |         394      4.25%     99.36% |          19      0.20%     99.57% |          19      0.20%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13468                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       588789                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62693                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108961                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   109033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6657                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  108919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    875                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    905                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   873                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                     187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                     110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                     139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                     119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                     106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                     112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  309983                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140639839499408                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140639839671548                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  214242                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117719                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30828992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31022313                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31155624                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                31020692                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30934356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31044053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               31213512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31049854                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               30944842                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31028066                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31157351                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31029677                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30935353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31036500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31201904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31047016                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30945486                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31025427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31198663                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31029638                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30935741                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31066821                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31223687                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31065628                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30971005                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31046391                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31249455                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31056834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30958234                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107833                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53401                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6273                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107695                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53467                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53460                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                867                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                839                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                903                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               893                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               898                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               849                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               824                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8908                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4025                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4557                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               308                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 765143                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8730123                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1181703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8932350                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 698461                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8665808                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1136763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9045036                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 681547                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8633097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1181078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8837935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                697431                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8626376                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1133877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8858928                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                677312                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8591981                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1174797                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8771629                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                693636                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8561078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1205386                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8781451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                671012                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9191443                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1166730                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9311609                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                735700                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8939183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1239406                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9092588                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                716830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                621644                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8646057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1125310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8845349                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672724                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8583203                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1087620                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8959380                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                658021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8549057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1124565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8751064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               672074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8543499                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1082580                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8773246                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               653247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8507968                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1117323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8684767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               668760                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8478413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1147793                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8695900                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               647171                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9104154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1107860                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9221541                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               706004                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8853719                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1177235                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              9004020                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               690260                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268070                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             569714                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             461388                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             578438                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              94990                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             571125                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             408725                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             576862                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              90096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            575658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            465223                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            578657                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             95647                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            571005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            408137                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577948                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             97176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571892                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            453609                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            576578                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             93279                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            569712                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            460508                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            578219                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             96695                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            573591                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            468241                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577474                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             99110                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            572461                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            503942                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            577957                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             95963                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               958926                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113115                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               115874                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121998                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101784                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               104781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109951                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113021                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116436                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120265                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              102354                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105773                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108505                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115878                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              121521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102427                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104851                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              142343                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143770                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124570                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128937                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131800                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           621644                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8646057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1125310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8845349                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672724                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8583203                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1087620                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8959380                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           658021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8549057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1124565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8751064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          672074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8543499                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1082580                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8773246                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          653247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8507968                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1117323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8684767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          668760                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8478413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1147793                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8695900                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          647171                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9104154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1107860                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9221541                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          706004                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8853719                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1177235                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         9004020                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          690260                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263028                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        569714                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        461388                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        578438                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         94571                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        571125                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        408441                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        576862                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         89897                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       575658                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       465201                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       578657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        95277                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       571005                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       408137                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577948                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        96780                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571892                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       453488                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       576578                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        92903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       569712                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       460307                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       578219                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        96253                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       573591                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       468075                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577474                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        98755                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       572461                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       503653                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       577957                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        95673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          624362                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113115                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          115874                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          121102                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101784                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          104781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          109150                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113021                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116436                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119374                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         102354                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         107702                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115878                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         120629                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102427                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104851                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107597                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         142343                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142697                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124570                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128937                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130813                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             764886                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8660379                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1125310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8860523                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687766                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8596064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1087620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8973214                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             671682                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8563353                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1124565                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8766113                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            687175                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8556632                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1082580                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8787116                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            666962                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8522237                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1117323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8699807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            683738                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8491334                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1147793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8709639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            660923                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9121699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1107860                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9239797                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            724167                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8869439                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1177235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9020771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            706848                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1353                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               960                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1188                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               840                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1608                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles              987                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1332                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              930                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1831                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1042                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1453                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              971                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1713                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1166                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1515                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1224                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103309716                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104165294                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108808806                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696729                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103309712                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104165290                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108808802                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696735                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103309718                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104165296                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108808808                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103309714                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104165292                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108808804                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696740                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103309723                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104165301                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108808813                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103309719                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104165297                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108808809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103309735                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104165313                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108808825                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696748                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103309731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104165309                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108808821                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11223826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15280008                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11239038                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14872629                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10739972                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15254255                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11244892                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14862125                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10739059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15232694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11239252                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14843995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10739420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15227961                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11244764                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14821974                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10729300                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15195053                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11243927                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14793264                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10739386                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15188659                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11230445                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14792702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10728538                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15474660                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11248796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15069820                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10757734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15376406                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11249726                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14982235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10749402                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               72                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38997                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39053                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2607                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48625                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2839                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2541                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216427     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216205     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868324                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56722     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219286     25.25%     25.25% |      216427     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.92%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62618     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154345     25.03%     25.03% |      154126     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153944     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216427     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216205     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868324                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56467     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154345     25.03%     25.03% |      154126     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153944     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216427     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56467     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4760166     77.41%     77.41% |          76      0.00%     77.41% |      181859      2.96%     80.37% |      172643      2.81%     83.18% |      172259      2.80%     85.98% |      172515      2.81%     88.78% |      172643      2.81%     91.59% |      172347      2.80%     94.39% |      172299      2.80%     97.19% |      172515      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6149322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4878355    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4878355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9801157     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9870223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15733     73.09%     73.09% |          71      0.33%     73.42% |        2321     10.78%     84.20% |         482      2.24%     86.44% |         496      2.30%     88.75% |         481      2.23%     90.98% |         484      2.25%     93.23% |         508      2.36%     95.59% |         457      2.12%     97.71% |         492      2.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561700     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       79873      6.56%     60.62% |       79862      6.56%     67.18% |       79861      6.56%     73.74% |       79866      6.56%     80.31% |       80084      6.58%     86.89% |       79712      6.55%     93.44% |       79881      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.75%     14.46% |         134     13.65%     28.11% |         134     13.65%     41.75% |         134     13.65%     55.40% |         138     14.05%     69.45% |         165     16.80%     86.25% |         135     13.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.47%      0.47% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          77      2.61%      3.19% |         403     13.67%     16.86% |         419     14.21%     31.07% |         407     13.81%     44.88% |         406     13.77%     58.65% |         426     14.45%     73.10% |         377     12.79%     85.89% |         416     14.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           4      5.48%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           2      2.74%     95.89% |           2      2.74%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154476     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79720      9.99%     40.08% |       79723      9.99%     50.06% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79912     10.01%     80.05% |       79531      9.96%     90.01% |       79730      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2270     77.00%     77.48% |          96      3.26%     80.73% |          97      3.29%     84.02% |          90      3.05%     87.08% |          92      3.12%     90.20% |         107      3.63%     93.83% |          96      3.26%     97.08% |          86      2.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411006     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8691      2.05%     99.04% |         577      0.14%     99.18% |         566      0.13%     99.31% |         564      0.13%     99.44% |         572      0.13%     99.58% |         587      0.14%     99.72% |         608      0.14%     99.86% |         590      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          17      9.04%     46.28% |          17      9.04%     55.32% |          16      8.51%     63.83% |          16      8.51%     72.34% |          19     10.11%     82.45% |          18      9.57%     92.02% |          15      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.25%      9.25% |           0      0.00%      9.25% |          80     35.24%     44.49% |          21      9.25%     53.74% |          17      7.49%     61.23% |          16      7.05%     68.28% |          16      7.05%     75.33% |          21      9.25%     84.58% |          20      8.81%     93.39% |          15      6.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438212     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       78994      7.28%     56.31% |       78989      7.28%     63.59% |       79003      7.28%     70.87% |       79004      7.28%     78.15% |       79195      7.30%     85.45% |       78805      7.26%     92.72% |       79009      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153611     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80083      9.98%     40.12% |       80065      9.98%     50.10% |       80071      9.98%     60.08% |       80069      9.98%     70.06% |       80261     10.00%     80.06% |       79919      9.96%     90.02% |       80072      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         302      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         302      0.10%     99.57% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         335      0.11%     99.79% |         305      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11274     67.30%     67.30% |           0      0.00%     67.30% |        2295     13.70%     80.99% |         453      2.70%     83.70% |         465      2.78%     86.47% |         451      2.69%     89.17% |         455      2.72%     91.88% |         475      2.84%     94.72% |         426      2.54%     97.26% |         459      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1462     91.60%     91.60% |          38      2.38%     93.98% |          12      0.75%     94.74% |          12      0.75%     95.49% |          12      0.75%     96.24% |          12      0.75%     96.99% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.50% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          61     93.85%     93.85% |           0      0.00%     93.85% |           0      0.00%     93.85% |           0      0.00%     93.85% |           0      0.00%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           2      3.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         821     42.74%     42.74% |           0      0.00%     42.74% |          18      0.94%     43.68% |         149      7.76%     51.43% |         150      7.81%     59.24% |         148      7.70%     66.94% |         148      7.70%     74.65% |         156      8.12%     82.77% |         180      9.37%     92.14% |         151      7.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87849     12.35%     14.07% |       87593     12.32%     26.39% |       87139     12.25%     38.64% |       87268     12.27%     50.92% |       87597     12.32%     63.23% |       87054     12.24%     75.47% |       86959     12.23%     87.70% |       87469     12.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4754001    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4754001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.64%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |          16     10.39%     24.03% |          17     11.04%     35.06% |          17     11.04%     46.10% |          16     10.39%     56.49% |          16     10.39%     66.88% |          19     12.34%     79.22% |          18     11.69%     90.91% |          14      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2212     89.63%     89.63% |          14      0.57%     90.19% |          26      1.05%     91.25% |          29      1.18%     92.42% |          31      1.26%     93.68% |          30      1.22%     94.89% |          29      1.18%     96.07% |          33      1.34%     97.41% |          31      1.26%     98.66% |          33      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122550     94.14%     94.14% |           0      0.00%     94.14% |        2570      1.97%     96.11% |         730      0.56%     96.68% |         723      0.56%     97.23% |         710      0.55%     97.78% |         714      0.55%     98.32% |         733      0.56%     98.89% |         727      0.56%     99.45% |         721      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595908     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |        5568      0.34%     97.92% |        4731      0.29%     98.21% |        4820      0.29%     98.51% |        4939      0.30%     98.81% |        4741      0.29%     99.10% |        4795      0.29%     99.39% |        5184      0.32%     99.71% |        4738      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25200     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3074      6.19%     56.93% |        3065      6.17%     63.10% |        3058      6.16%     69.26% |        3066      6.17%     75.43% |        3059      6.16%     81.59% |        3063      6.17%     87.76% |        3031      6.10%     93.86% |        3049      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1946     97.15%     97.15% |          57      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127211     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82417     11.08%     28.18% |       76331     10.26%     38.44% |       76330     10.26%     48.70% |       76339     10.26%     58.96% |       76342     10.26%     69.23% |       76507     10.28%     79.51% |       76076     10.23%     89.74% |       76347     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          63     10.19%     10.84% |          72     11.65%     22.49% |          83     13.43%     35.92% |          75     12.14%     48.06% |          73     11.81%     59.87% |          90     14.56%     74.43% |          76     12.30%     86.73% |          82     13.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2995990     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         223      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2997785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9488323     99.65%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4105      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4104      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3622      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9522116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311001     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2663      0.78%     95.29% |        2659      0.78%     96.07% |        2664      0.78%     96.85% |        2662      0.78%     97.63% |        2688      0.79%     98.42% |        2729      0.80%     99.22% |        2662      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.29%     10.29% |           9     13.24%     23.53% |           8     11.76%     35.29% |           8     11.76%     47.06% |           8     11.76%     58.82% |          12     17.65%     76.47% |           7     10.29%     86.76% |           9     13.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.21%     15.36% |         336     14.42%     29.79% |         332     14.25%     44.03% |         333     14.29%     58.33% |         336     14.42%     72.75% |         301     12.92%     85.67% |         334     14.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154476     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79720      9.99%     40.08% |       79723      9.99%     50.06% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79912     10.01%     80.05% |       79531      9.96%     90.01% |       79730      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2270     77.00%     77.48% |          96      3.26%     80.73% |          97      3.29%     84.02% |          90      3.05%     87.08% |          92      3.12%     90.20% |         107      3.63%     93.83% |          96      3.26%     97.08% |          86      2.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124883     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |         267      0.21%     98.52% |         279      0.22%     98.74% |         257      0.20%     98.94% |         261      0.21%     99.14% |         263      0.21%     99.35% |         254      0.20%     99.55% |         304      0.24%     99.79% |         268      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           4      5.48%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           2      2.74%     95.89% |           2      2.74%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286123     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         298      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         303      0.10%     99.57% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         333      0.11%     99.79% |         304      0.10%     99.89% |         322      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.43%     37.43% |          17      9.09%     46.52% |          17      9.09%     55.61% |          16      8.56%     64.17% |          16      8.56%     72.73% |          19     10.16%     82.89% |          18      9.63%     92.51% |          14      7.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.25%      9.25% |           0      0.00%      9.25% |          80     35.24%     44.49% |          21      9.25%     53.74% |          17      7.49%     61.23% |          16      7.05%     68.28% |          16      7.05%     75.33% |          21      9.25%     84.58% |          20      8.81%     93.39% |          15      6.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438212     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       78994      7.28%     56.31% |       78989      7.28%     63.59% |       79003      7.28%     70.87% |       79004      7.28%     78.15% |       79195      7.30%     85.45% |       78805      7.26%     92.72% |       79009      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3270      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.36% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.73% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.04% |        3904      3.14%     46.18% |        3753      3.02%     49.20% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3559      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3094      2.49%     63.90% |        3726      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3756      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5244      4.22%     92.33% |        5075      4.08%     96.41% |        4464      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64992      8.08%      8.08% |       24835      3.09%     11.17% |       23704      2.95%     14.12% |       24438      3.04%     17.16% |       23818      2.96%     20.12% |       23527      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23138      2.88%     28.80% |       24579      3.06%     31.85% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25083      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.51% |       25147      3.13%     55.64% |       23725      2.95%     58.59% |       23919      2.97%     61.57% |       23904      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26296      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9394      3.16%     17.14% |        8837      2.98%     20.12% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         135     87.66%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           1      0.65%     88.31% |           1      0.65%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           2      1.30%     90.26% |           1      0.65%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           7      4.55%     95.45% |           1      0.65%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           1      0.65%     96.75% |           0      0.00%     96.75% |           2      1.30%     98.05% |           1      0.65%     98.70% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76706      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.10% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32800      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33634      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9268      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.09%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.23% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217989                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19499      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19345      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19299      3.13%     15.68% |       19255      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19251      3.12%     25.04% |       19262      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19305      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19293      3.13%     56.30% |       19248      3.12%     59.42% |       19218      3.12%     62.54% |       19240      3.12%     65.66% |       19230      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19291      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19227      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19284      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29883      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27136      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27060      3.12%     15.92% |       27028      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27024      3.11%     25.25% |       27052      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27080      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27040      3.11%     59.53% |       26998      3.11%     62.64% |       27018      3.11%     65.76% |       27029      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27075      3.12%     81.33% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27000      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.89% |       27048      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28859      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26036      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26005      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26051      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         240      9.12%      9.12% |          78      2.96%     12.09% |          84      3.19%     15.28% |          84      3.19%     18.47% |          95      3.61%     22.08% |          92      3.50%     25.58% |          72      2.74%     28.32% |          76      2.89%     31.20% |          80      3.04%     34.25% |          74      2.81%     37.06% |          78      2.96%     40.02% |          73      2.77%     42.80% |          78      2.96%     45.76% |          70      2.66%     48.42% |          72      2.74%     51.16% |          70      2.66%     53.82% |          71      2.70%     56.52% |          75      2.85%     59.37% |          77      2.93%     62.30% |          74      2.81%     65.11% |          71      2.70%     67.81% |          77      2.93%     70.73% |          74      2.81%     73.55% |          73      2.77%     76.32% |          74      2.81%     79.13% |          78      2.96%     82.10% |          78      2.96%     85.06% |          79      3.00%     88.07% |          80      3.04%     91.11% |          78      2.96%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2631                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         595     96.28%     96.28% |           4      0.65%     96.93% |           3      0.49%     97.41% |           3      0.49%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           1      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           1      0.16%     98.22% |           4      0.65%     98.87% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         510     18.14%     18.14% |          94      3.34%     21.49% |          90      3.20%     24.69% |          90      3.20%     27.89% |          69      2.45%     30.35% |          69      2.45%     32.80% |          69      2.45%     35.25% |          69      2.45%     37.71% |          69      2.45%     40.16% |          69      2.45%     42.62% |          69      2.45%     45.07% |          69      2.45%     47.53% |          72      2.56%     50.09% |          69      2.45%     52.54% |          70      2.49%     55.03% |          69      2.45%     57.49% |          69      2.45%     59.94% |          97      3.45%     63.39% |          98      3.49%     66.88% |          98      3.49%     70.37% |          69      2.45%     72.82% |          69      2.45%     75.28% |          71      2.53%     77.80% |          69      2.45%     80.26% |          69      2.45%     82.71% |          70      2.49%     85.20% |          69      2.45%     87.66% |          69      2.45%     90.11% |          71      2.53%     92.64% |          69      2.45%     95.09% |          69      2.45%     97.55% |          69      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1066      5.87%      5.87% |         529      2.91%      8.79% |         545      3.00%     11.79% |         528      2.91%     14.70% |         544      3.00%     17.70% |         535      2.95%     20.64% |         523      2.88%     23.52% |         541      2.98%     26.50% |         548      3.02%     29.52% |         539      2.97%     32.49% |         579      3.19%     35.68% |         560      3.09%     38.77% |         587      3.23%     42.00% |         580      3.20%     45.20% |         563      3.10%     48.30% |         562      3.10%     51.39% |         574      3.16%     54.56% |         583      3.21%     57.77% |         545      3.00%     60.77% |         527      2.90%     63.67% |         536      2.95%     66.63% |         545      3.00%     69.63% |         531      2.93%     72.55% |         537      2.96%     75.51% |         566      3.12%     78.63% |         564      3.11%     81.74% |         557      3.07%     84.81% |         543      2.99%     87.80% |         536      2.95%     90.75% |         555      3.06%     93.81% |         544      3.00%     96.80% |         580      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         773     26.22%     26.22% |          75      2.54%     28.77% |          72      2.44%     31.21% |          72      2.44%     33.65% |          69      2.34%     35.99% |          69      2.34%     38.33% |          69      2.34%     40.67% |          69      2.34%     43.01% |          69      2.34%     45.35% |          69      2.34%     47.69% |          69      2.34%     50.03% |          69      2.34%     52.37% |          73      2.48%     54.85% |          69      2.34%     57.19% |          70      2.37%     59.57% |          69      2.34%     61.91% |          70      2.37%     64.28% |          73      2.48%     66.76% |          74      2.51%     69.27% |          73      2.48%     71.74% |          69      2.34%     74.08% |          69      2.34%     76.42% |          71      2.41%     78.83% |          69      2.34%     81.17% |          69      2.34%     83.51% |          70      2.37%     85.89% |          69      2.34%     88.23% |          69      2.34%     90.57% |          71      2.41%     92.98% |          69      2.34%     95.32% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77855      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33110      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31676      2.89%     27.90% |       33952      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34275      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32545      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35574      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095245                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         398      2.94%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         418      3.09%     24.18% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         430      3.18%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         460      3.40%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         431      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.32% |         420      3.10%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.36% |         404      2.98%     65.34% |         426      3.15%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         444      3.28%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         422      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.07%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13538                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23440      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.00% |       20684      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20679      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664582                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1206     44.18%     44.18% |         198      7.25%     51.43% |         176      6.45%     57.88% |         182      6.67%     64.54% |          14      0.51%     65.05% |         248      9.08%     74.14% |          14      0.51%     74.65% |           5      0.18%     74.84% |           3      0.11%     74.95% |           1      0.04%     74.98% |          16      0.59%     75.57% |           4      0.15%     75.71% |           1      0.04%     75.75% |           1      0.04%     75.79% |          39      1.43%     77.22% |          16      0.59%     77.80% |           9      0.33%     78.13% |         160      5.86%     83.99% |         213      7.80%     91.79% |         164      6.01%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          77     71.96%     71.96% |           6      5.61%     77.57% |           2      1.87%     79.44% |           5      4.67%     84.11% |           0      0.00%     84.11% |           1      0.93%     85.05% |           1      0.93%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           1      0.93%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           5      4.67%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           3      2.80%     94.39% |           1      0.93%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           1      0.93%     96.26% |           0      0.00%     96.26% |           1      0.93%     97.20% |           1      0.93%     98.13% |           2      1.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         135     87.66%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           1      0.65%     88.31% |           1      0.65%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           2      1.30%     90.26% |           1      0.65%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           7      4.55%     95.45% |           1      0.65%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           1      0.65%     96.75% |           0      0.00%     96.75% |           2      1.30%     98.05% |           1      0.65%     98.70% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         892      6.40%      6.40% |         387      2.78%      9.18% |         411      2.95%     12.13% |         402      2.89%     15.02% |         421      3.02%     18.04% |         400      2.87%     20.91% |         401      2.88%     23.79% |         416      2.99%     26.77% |         403      2.89%     29.67% |         410      2.94%     32.61% |         430      3.09%     35.69% |         429      3.08%     38.77% |         455      3.27%     42.04% |         446      3.20%     45.24% |         428      3.07%     48.31% |         434      3.12%     51.43% |         442      3.17%     54.60% |         449      3.22%     57.82% |         422      3.03%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.72% |         403      2.89%     66.61% |         422      3.03%     69.64% |         401      2.88%     72.52% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.59% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.17%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39568     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3811      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5517      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8545      8.10%      8.10% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.92% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.70% |        2858      2.71%     22.41% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.04% |        2786      2.64%     33.68% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.42% |        3249      3.08%     42.50% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.86% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.37% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9222      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18473      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18801      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.11% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18776      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18792      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18782      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         773     26.22%     26.22% |          75      2.54%     28.77% |          72      2.44%     31.21% |          72      2.44%     33.65% |          69      2.34%     35.99% |          69      2.34%     38.33% |          69      2.34%     40.67% |          69      2.34%     43.01% |          69      2.34%     45.35% |          69      2.34%     47.69% |          69      2.34%     50.03% |          69      2.34%     52.37% |          73      2.48%     54.85% |          69      2.34%     57.19% |          70      2.37%     59.57% |          69      2.34%     61.91% |          70      2.37%     64.28% |          73      2.48%     66.76% |          74      2.51%     69.27% |          73      2.48%     71.74% |          69      2.34%     74.08% |          69      2.34%     76.42% |          71      2.41%     78.83% |          69      2.34%     81.17% |          69      2.34%     83.51% |          70      2.37%     85.89% |          69      2.34%     88.23% |          69      2.34%     90.57% |          71      2.41%     92.98% |          69      2.34%     95.32% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          83      8.45%      8.45% |          29      2.95%     11.41% |          29      2.95%     14.36% |          29      2.95%     17.31% |          29      2.95%     20.26% |          29      2.95%     23.22% |          29      2.95%     26.17% |          29      2.95%     29.12% |          29      2.95%     32.08% |          29      2.95%     35.03% |          29      2.95%     37.98% |          29      2.95%     40.94% |          29      2.95%     43.89% |          29      2.95%     46.84% |          29      2.95%     49.80% |          29      2.95%     52.75% |          29      2.95%     55.70% |          29      2.95%     58.66% |          29      2.95%     61.61% |          29      2.95%     64.56% |          29      2.95%     67.52% |          29      2.95%     70.47% |          29      2.95%     73.42% |          29      2.95%     76.37% |          29      2.95%     79.33% |          29      2.95%     82.28% |          29      2.95%     85.23% |          29      2.95%     88.19% |          29      2.95%     91.14% |          29      2.95%     94.09% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76706      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.10% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32800      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33634      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         134      6.32%      6.32% |          71      3.35%      9.67% |          74      3.49%     13.15% |          67      3.16%     16.31% |          77      3.63%     19.94% |          81      3.82%     23.76% |          51      2.40%     26.17% |          60      2.83%     29.00% |          83      3.91%     32.91% |          63      2.97%     35.88% |          86      4.05%     39.93% |          64      3.02%     42.95% |          61      2.88%     45.83% |          64      3.02%     48.84% |          63      2.97%     51.82% |          54      2.55%     54.36% |          62      2.92%     57.28% |          68      3.21%     60.49% |          57      2.69%     63.18% |          58      2.73%     65.91% |          63      2.97%     68.88% |          57      2.69%     71.57% |          58      2.73%     74.30% |          57      2.69%     76.99% |          58      2.73%     79.73% |          60      2.83%     82.56% |          52      2.45%     85.01% |          59      2.78%     87.79% |          54      2.55%     90.33% |          56      2.64%     92.98% |          60      2.83%     95.80% |          89      4.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     25.93%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           7     25.93%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |          12     44.44%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28859      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26036      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26005      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26051      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     80.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         128      6.69%      6.69% |          66      3.45%     10.14% |          62      3.24%     13.38% |          53      2.77%     16.14% |          52      2.72%     18.86% |          59      3.08%     21.94% |          50      2.61%     24.56% |          53      2.77%     27.32% |          73      3.81%     31.14% |          58      3.03%     34.17% |          78      4.08%     38.24% |          61      3.19%     41.43% |          57      2.98%     44.41% |          63      3.29%     47.70% |          61      3.19%     50.89% |          53      2.77%     53.66% |          60      3.13%     56.79% |          62      3.24%     60.03% |          51      2.66%     62.70% |          54      2.82%     65.52% |          61      3.19%     68.70% |          51      2.66%     71.37% |          56      2.93%     74.29% |          55      2.87%     77.17% |          54      2.82%     79.99% |          53      2.77%     82.76% |          45      2.35%     85.11% |          51      2.66%     87.77% |          48      2.51%     90.28% |          50      2.61%     92.89% |          49      2.56%     95.45% |          87      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1914                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         461     78.27%     78.27% |          23      3.90%     82.17% |          21      3.57%     85.74% |          21      3.57%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |          21      3.57%     92.87% |          21      3.57%     96.43% |          21      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         892      6.40%      6.40% |         387      2.78%      9.18% |         411      2.95%     12.13% |         402      2.89%     15.02% |         421      3.02%     18.04% |         400      2.87%     20.91% |         401      2.88%     23.79% |         416      2.99%     26.77% |         403      2.89%     29.67% |         410      2.94%     32.61% |         430      3.09%     35.69% |         429      3.08%     38.77% |         455      3.27%     42.04% |         446      3.20%     45.24% |         428      3.07%     48.31% |         434      3.12%     51.43% |         442      3.17%     54.60% |         449      3.22%     57.82% |         422      3.03%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.72% |         403      2.89%     66.61% |         422      3.03%     69.64% |         401      2.88%     72.52% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.59% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.17%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23438      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.00% |       20684      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20679      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.69% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         436      3.22%      3.22% |         386      2.85%      6.07% |         413      3.05%      9.12% |         404      2.98%     12.10% |         422      3.12%     15.22% |         398      2.94%     18.16% |         400      2.95%     21.11% |         418      3.09%     24.20% |         407      3.01%     27.21% |         414      3.06%     30.26% |         430      3.18%     33.44% |         428      3.16%     36.60% |         460      3.40%     40.00% |         449      3.32%     43.31% |         431      3.18%     46.50% |         439      3.24%     49.74% |         444      3.28%     53.02% |         450      3.32%     56.34% |         420      3.10%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         404      2.98%     65.36% |         426      3.15%     68.50% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         441      3.26%     77.81% |         444      3.28%     81.09% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         421      3.11%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         212     81.23%     81.23% |           6      2.30%     83.52% |           3      1.15%     84.67% |           6      2.30%     86.97% |           0      0.00%     86.97% |           1      0.38%     87.36% |           1      0.38%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.38%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           5      1.92%     90.04% |           0      0.00%     90.04% |           2      0.77%     90.80% |           1      0.38%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |          10      3.83%     95.02% |           2      0.77%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           1      0.38%     96.17% |           0      0.00%     96.17% |           2      0.77%     96.93% |           1      0.38%     97.32% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.23% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77643      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33110      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31676      2.89%     27.89% |       33952      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.09% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34275      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32543      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35573      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           8     42.11%     68.42% |           6     31.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         178      7.68%      7.68% |          69      2.98%     10.66% |          69      2.98%     13.64% |          62      2.68%     16.31% |          69      2.98%     19.29% |          69      2.98%     22.27% |          69      2.98%     25.25% |          69      2.98%     28.23% |          69      2.98%     31.20% |          69      2.98%     34.18% |          69      2.98%     37.16% |          69      2.98%     40.14% |          73      3.15%     43.29% |          69      2.98%     46.27% |          69      2.98%     49.24% |          69      2.98%     52.22% |          69      2.98%     55.20% |          69      2.98%     58.18% |          70      3.02%     61.20% |          69      2.98%     64.18% |          69      2.98%     67.16% |          69      2.98%     70.13% |          71      3.06%     73.20% |          69      2.98%     76.18% |          69      2.98%     79.15% |          69      2.98%     82.13% |          69      2.98%     85.11% |          69      2.98%     88.09% |          69      2.98%     91.07% |          69      2.98%     94.04% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         595     96.43%     96.43% |           4      0.65%     97.08% |           3      0.49%     97.57% |           3      0.49%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           1      0.16%     98.22% |           0      0.00%     98.22% |           1      0.16%     98.38% |           4      0.65%     99.03% |           3      0.49%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           7     50.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           7     53.85%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         773     26.35%     26.35% |          73      2.49%     28.83% |          72      2.45%     31.29% |          65      2.22%     33.50% |          69      2.35%     35.86% |          69      2.35%     38.21% |          69      2.35%     40.56% |          69      2.35%     42.91% |          69      2.35%     45.26% |          69      2.35%     47.61% |          69      2.35%     49.97% |          69      2.35%     52.32% |          73      2.49%     54.81% |          69      2.35%     57.16% |          70      2.39%     59.54% |          69      2.35%     61.90% |          70      2.39%     64.28% |          73      2.49%     66.77% |          73      2.49%     69.26% |          72      2.45%     71.71% |          69      2.35%     74.06% |          69      2.35%     76.41% |          71      2.42%     78.83% |          69      2.35%     81.19% |          69      2.35%     83.54% |          69      2.35%     85.89% |          69      2.35%     88.24% |          69      2.35%     90.59% |          69      2.35%     92.94% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2934                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76171      4.27%      4.27% |      891400     50.00%     54.27% |      107916      6.05%     60.33% |      102758      5.76%     66.09% |      101002      5.67%     71.75% |      102929      5.77%     77.53% |      101432      5.69%     83.22% |      103361      5.80%     89.02% |       97205      5.45%     94.47% |       98626      5.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1782800                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76171      4.27%      4.27% |      891400     50.00%     54.27% |      107916      6.05%     60.33% |      102758      5.76%     66.09% |      101002      5.67%     71.75% |      102929      5.77%     77.53% |      101432      5.69%     83.22% |      103361      5.80%     89.02% |       97205      5.45%     94.47% |       98626      5.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1782800                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76171      4.27%      4.27% |      891400     50.00%     54.27% |      107916      6.05%     60.33% |      102758      5.76%     66.09% |      101002      5.67%     71.75% |      102929      5.77%     77.53% |      101432      5.69%     83.22% |      103361      5.80%     89.02% |       97205      5.45%     94.47% |       98626      5.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1782800                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76171      4.27%      4.27% |      891400     50.00%     54.27% |      107916      6.05%     60.33% |      102758      5.76%     66.09% |      101002      5.67%     71.75% |      102929      5.77%     77.53% |      101432      5.69%     83.22% |      103361      5.80%     89.02% |       97205      5.45%     94.47% |       98626      5.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1782800                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
