
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.034776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34776118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5210944196500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26627                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49133                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45304260                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4638180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   767.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20438986                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      37715159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4956800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4956800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3960576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3960576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    142534598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            142534598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113887812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           113887812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    256422410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           256422410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4955584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3960384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4956800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3960576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2359                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3283                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  34775628500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  41515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   9283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  10786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  11239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  11152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  10909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        62336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   143.015400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.877342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.972419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38874     62.36%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12753     20.46%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6399     10.27%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1603      2.57%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          925      1.48%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          522      0.84%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          344      0.55%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          299      0.48%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          617      0.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        62336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.947444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.048231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9736     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.351981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.941629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.891318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           8198     84.15%     84.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           742      7.62%     91.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          278      2.85%     94.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          524      5.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5772655899                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7224487149                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 387155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    74552.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               93302.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      142.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      113.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   142.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   113.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   46878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  30086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               48.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    249584.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8382009750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1161160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    25230496500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              234254160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              236968200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              127817250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              129298125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             304395000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             299449800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199344240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201612240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        13275362700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        12801991095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9219136500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9634374750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          25631538810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          25574923170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          737.096536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          735.468417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4871104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4871104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3883584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3883584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    140070378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            140070378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    111673879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           111673879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251744257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           251744257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76111                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4870336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3883456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4871104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3883584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2200                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     3699                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  34775390000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76111                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  40924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   4240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   3083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   9065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  10545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  10798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  10837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  10628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        60512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.643046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.475455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.869951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37587     62.11%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12379     20.46%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6313     10.43%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1477      2.44%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          915      1.51%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          548      0.91%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          389      0.64%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          253      0.42%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          651      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        60512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.986984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.802062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9522     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         9527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.369161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.949293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.929335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7978     83.74%     83.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           749      7.86%     91.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          259      2.72%     94.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          541      5.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         9527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5676621479                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             7103477729                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 380495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    74595.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               93345.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      140.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      111.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   140.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   111.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   46112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  30144                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               49.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    254220.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   55.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8737929250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1161160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    24874863250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              229468680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              227941560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              125206125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              124372875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             299964600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             293482800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195896880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13145964435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        12399567390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9332643750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1         9987378000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          25600373430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          25501209825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          736.200301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          733.348613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4872384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4872384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3884608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3884608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    140107185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            140107185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    111703325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           111703325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    251810510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           251810510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60697                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60697                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4871424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3884544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4872384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3884608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2003                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     3705                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  34775878000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60697                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  41020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   7439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   4166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   3004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   9038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  10482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  10880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  10822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  10593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        60479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.764298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.581184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.556530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37559     62.10%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12286     20.31%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6381     10.55%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1513      2.50%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          930      1.54%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          506      0.84%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          415      0.69%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          249      0.41%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          640      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        60479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.990341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.886498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9520     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.372283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.951680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.936037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7967     83.64%     83.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           765      8.03%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          233      2.45%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          560      5.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5601155692                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             7028330692                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 380580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    73587.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               92337.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      140.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      111.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   140.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   111.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   46123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  30204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               49.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    254157.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   55.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8719342500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1161160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    24893406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              229279680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              227911320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              125103000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              124356375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             299972400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             293646600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195935760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197341920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        13029761385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        12529641105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9434576250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         9873278250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          25585857435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          25517404530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          735.782858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.814331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4847616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4847616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3876928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3876928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    139394972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            139394972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    111482483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           111482483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    250877456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           250877456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75745                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75745                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4847104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3876736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4847680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3876928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1955                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3566                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  34775369500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75745                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  40736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   7376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   4328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   3058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   9067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  10467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  10888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  10841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  10642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        60231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.824824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.500372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.148548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37488     62.24%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12204     20.26%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6250     10.38%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1555      2.58%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          912      1.51%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          530      0.88%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          371      0.62%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          272      0.45%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          649      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        60231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.948048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.930806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9522     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         9528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.357473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.942627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.909438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7961     83.55%     83.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           787      8.26%     91.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          251      2.63%     94.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          529      5.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         9528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5592485388                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             7012535388                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 378680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    73841.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               92591.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      139.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      111.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   139.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   111.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   45917                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30156                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               49.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    255097.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   55.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8722882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1161160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    24889624250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              227397240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              227941560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              124075875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              124372875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             297843000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             292819800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195346080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197141040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2271228960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        12995366445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        12504557970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9464747250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1         9895281000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          25576004850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          25513343205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          735.499524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          733.697537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3983                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              427024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7226295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 35.689606                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.450105                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                44.733698                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7212516     99.81%     99.81% |       12665      0.18%     99.98% |        1061      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7226295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     14355313                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.162741                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.830061                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.709029                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    12761773     88.90%     88.90% |     1390717      9.69%     98.59% |      117177      0.82%     99.40% |       47274      0.33%     99.73% |       19778      0.14%     99.87% |        9801      0.07%     99.94% |        4999      0.03%     99.97% |        2949      0.02%     99.99% |         845      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      14355313                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            14355310                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.439306                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.417260                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             87.659713                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    14285803     99.52%     99.52% |       48749      0.34%     99.86% |       12623      0.09%     99.94% |        4745      0.03%     99.98% |        2209      0.02%     99.99% |         933      0.01%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              14355310                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        12867378                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.002655                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.002288                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.051891                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12833498     99.74%     99.74% |       33594      0.26%    100.00% |         286      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          12867378                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1487932                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        171.228439                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       124.565813                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       220.838082                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1418425     95.33%     95.33% |       48749      3.28%     98.60% |       12623      0.85%     99.45% |        4745      0.32%     99.77% |        2209      0.15%     99.92% |         933      0.06%     99.98% |         203      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1487932                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         484393                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       484393                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           25                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7089685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7378604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5085523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       122986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5208509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261584                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15903                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       116779                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318535                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39896                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         5026                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        64289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         5091                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4889                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        65733                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         4954                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        63149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         5236                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        64248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         5040                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         4501                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        31062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         2713                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59122                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         5261                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        57942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         4808                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         4635                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        61360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         5193                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         4010                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59302                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         5170                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21268                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34455                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         4725                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        37331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         4977                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         4925                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58286                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         5075                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22307                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32445                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        54752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         4782                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         4748                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         4912                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        20215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        53244                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         4540                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         4807                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        21531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         4445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        22692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        29194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        51886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         2338                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        20987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         5089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        23005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        59000                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         4964                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24936                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        64353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         5089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        61057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         5101                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        27817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         5900                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        28430                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        74750                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        46398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        26726                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        47189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        26721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        47260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        45660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        26765                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        45500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        26711                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        44251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17901                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        26683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        44584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        46395                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        26666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        45371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        26663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        45172                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        26623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        44884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        18000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        44833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17786                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        44778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        26727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        47400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        26649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        44607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        26624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        44169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        45413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        26726                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        45343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        26692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        44498                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        19030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        26608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        45638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18571                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        45509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        26652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        46086                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        26709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        45689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        26671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        47171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        26632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        48813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        45442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        26687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        45204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        26715                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        44563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17310                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        26676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        43986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        44899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19770                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        26709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        46479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        12086                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      6857270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      6857270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7102630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6857270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3553586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3516894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      6857270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.098592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4594478                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4594478                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4995532                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4594478                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3283206                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3047086                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4594478                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.066058                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      2997989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      2997989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3219351                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2997989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1370608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1358073                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      2997989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.043104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2817636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2817636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3036509                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2817636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1372024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1359544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2817636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.040511                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3245797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3245797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3454982                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3245797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1716107                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1702637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3245797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.046667                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3438730                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3438730                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3690326                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3438730                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1819488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1804742                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3438730                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049441                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      3861765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      3861765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4131951                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3861765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1708671                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1692685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      3861765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.055523                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3279945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3279945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3558898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3279945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1690248                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1658237                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3279945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.047158                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1880745                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1880745                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1988886                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1880745                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       902765                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1880745                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.027041                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2336791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2336791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2473447                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2336791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1234836                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1225987                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2336791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.033598                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2269403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2269403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2424962                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2269403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1103778                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1094763                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2269403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.032629                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1949534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1949534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2065921                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1949534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       919196                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       912398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1949534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.028030                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2513774                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2513774                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2663307                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2513774                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1307239                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1299586                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2513774                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.036142                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2336182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2336182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2497257                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2336182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1119933                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1109858                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2336182                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.033589                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1653878                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1653878                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1767201                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1653878                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811843                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       802878                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1653878                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.023779                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2210222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2210222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2395094                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2210222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1075081                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1062590                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2210222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.031778                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2846118                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1243166                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1230792                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2641728                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.037982                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2473788                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2473788                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2687884                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2473788                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1244656                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1231052                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2473788                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.035567                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2321838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2321838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2521856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2321838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1122561                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1109586                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2321838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.033383                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1730129                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1730129                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1856368                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1730129                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       843382                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       834573                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1730129                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.024875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1161593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1161593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1195303                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1161593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       584513                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582589                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1161593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.016701                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1564241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1564241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1627996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1564241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       807541                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       804521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1564241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.022490                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1508382                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1508382                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1581806                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1508382                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       747938                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       744614                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1508382                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.021687                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1041831                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1041831                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1070681                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1041831                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       511248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       509279                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1041831                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.014979                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1129872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1129872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1164125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1129872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       545578                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       543440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1129872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.016245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1536722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1536722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1602410                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1536722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       795547                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       792614                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1536722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.022095                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1449021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1449021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1516160                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1449021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720575                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       717401                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1449021                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.020834                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1082590                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1082590                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1115072                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1082590                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530023                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       527942                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1082590                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.015565                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3007610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3007610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260206                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3007610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1377057                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1361810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3007610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.043242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3094933                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3094933                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3358837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3094933                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1413853                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1398613                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3094933                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.044498                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3384362                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3384362                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3693847                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3384362                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1571304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1552858                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3384362                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.048659                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3546796                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3546796                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3890694                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3546796                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1646632                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1625280                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3546796                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.050995                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5060667     26.99%     26.99% |    11528795     61.49%     88.48% |     2159619     11.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18749081                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5060668     26.99%     26.99% |    11528795     61.49%     88.48% |     2159619     11.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18749082                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   156219302                       |   360172956                       |    59829507                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    41254332                       |   105197458                       |     3219391                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.869311                       |   31.241162                       |   27.703732                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    8.151955                       |    9.124757                       |    1.490722                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    30.733334                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     7.982854                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         38.716188                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004653                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.092313      6.44%      6.44% |    0.092179      6.43%     12.87% |    0.091980      6.42%     19.29% |    0.091791      6.41%     25.70% |    0.221996     15.49%     41.19% |    0.221842     15.48%     56.67% |    0.221659     15.47%     72.14% |    0.221280     15.44%     87.58% |    0.044528      3.11%     90.69% |    0.044508      3.11%     93.79% |    0.044482      3.10%     96.90% |    0.044447      3.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.433004                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.036357                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.024065                       |    0.000002                       |    0.003583                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003477                       |    0.003892                       |    0.003653                       |    0.003763                       |    0.003117                       |    0.002906                       |    0.003412                       |    0.003392                       |    0.003426                       |    0.003574                       |    0.003195                       |    0.003464                       |    0.003206                       |    0.003519                       |    0.003466                       |    0.003430                       |    0.003101                       |    0.003060                       |    0.003300                       |    0.003111                       |    0.003261                       |    0.003182                       |    0.002632                       |    0.003395                       |    0.003441                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003446                       |    0.004050                       |    0.005497                       |    0.002964                       |    0.002836                       |    0.002907                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002855                       |    0.002804                       |    0.002764                       |    0.002807                       |    0.002964                       |    0.003034                       |    0.003042                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002882                       |    0.002786                       |    0.002809                       |    0.002929                       |    0.002869                       |    0.002866                       |    0.002844                       |    0.002805                       |    0.003053                       |    0.002816                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002877                       |    0.002807                       |    0.002890                       |    0.002851                       |    0.002912                       |    0.003003                       |    0.003154                       |    0.006659                       |    0.006539                       |    0.006540                       |    0.006507                       |    0.000353                       |           0                       |    0.003969                       |    0.010985                       |    0.000254                       |    0.000276                       |    0.000252                       |    0.000279                       |    0.000255                       |    0.000277                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000227                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000230                       |    0.000243                       |    0.000231                       |    0.000211                       |    0.000223                       |    0.000227                       |    0.000247                       |    0.000231                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000208                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000210                       |    0.000199                       |    0.000215                       |    0.000230                       |    0.000216                       |    0.000210                       |    0.000234                       |    0.000260                       |    0.000241                       |    0.000254                       |    0.002579                       |    0.003327                       |    0.000357                       |           0                       |    0.000208                       |    0.005841                       |    0.004390                       |    0.002601                       |    0.003324                       |    0.000218                       |    0.006027                       |    0.010486                       |    0.004384                       |    0.002788                       |    0.003344                       |    0.005417                       |    0.000234                       |    0.010947                       |    0.015268                       |    0.005244                       |    0.002892                       |    0.003318                       |    0.000254                       |    0.012499                       |    0.011731                       |    0.012410                       |    0.003026                       |    0.003363                       |    0.000276                       |    0.016026                       |    0.011354                       |    0.006466                       |    0.003003                       |    0.003320                       |    0.005308                       |    0.000260                       |    0.016370                       |    0.010271                       |    0.005967                       |    0.002762                       |    0.003451                       |    0.000230                       |    0.010600                       |    0.005656                       |    0.005330                       |    0.002625                       |    0.003354                       |    0.000215                       |    0.005789                       |    0.004261                       |    0.002608                       |    0.003490                       |    0.000218                       |    0.004207                       |    0.005848                       |    0.006119                       |    0.002497                       |    0.003340                       |    0.000227                       |    0.004110                       |    0.006815                       |    0.010265                       |    0.006344                       |    0.002877                       |    0.003338                       |    0.000252                       |    0.007073                       |    0.012651                       |    0.013265                       |    0.007211                       |    0.033936                       |    0.005020                       |    0.003969                       |    0.005136                       |    0.018857                       |    0.024526                       |    0.007146                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003396                       |    0.010985                       |    0.005474                       |    0.019582                       |    0.019340                       |    0.007279                       |    0.003075                       |    0.003305                       |    0.000279                       |    0.009092                       |    0.013023                       |    0.012746                       |    0.007920                       |    0.002792                       |    0.003357                       |    0.000243                       |    0.005305                       |    0.010439                       |    0.006899                       |    0.007106                       |    0.002651                       |    0.003340                       |    0.000230                       |    0.004260                       |    0.005661                       |    0.005952                       |    0.002679                       |    0.003304                       |    0.000210                       |    0.004954                       |    0.005604                       |    0.004936                       |    0.002778                       |    0.003430                       |    0.000219                       |    0.004618                       |    0.005977                       |    0.010557                       |    0.005051                       |    0.002841                       |    0.003415                       |    0.005310                       |    0.000241                       |    0.005719                       |    0.010557                       |    0.015520                       |    0.005057                       |    0.002927                       |    0.003277                       |    0.000255                       |    0.019804                       |    0.012089                       |    0.012036                       |    0.005135                       |    0.003036                       |    0.003275                       |    0.000277                       |    0.008091                       |    0.015810                       |    0.011649                       |    0.005019                       |    0.003041                       |    0.003502                       |    0.005291                       |    0.000254                       |    0.006668                       |    0.016320                       |    0.010760                       |    0.005158                       |    0.002828                       |    0.003320                       |    0.000231                       |    0.005864                       |    0.010274                       |    0.005962                       |    0.005109                       |    0.002349                       |    0.003306                       |    0.000216                       |    0.004645                       |    0.005163                       |    0.005155                       |    0.002619                       |    0.003271                       |    0.000199                       |    0.003265                       |    0.005625                       |    0.002670                       |    0.003262                       |    0.000211                       |    0.003459                       |    0.003952                       |    0.010225                       |    0.002829                       |    0.003278                       |    0.000223                       |    0.005572                       |    0.006912                       |    0.012964                       |    0.002665                       |    0.003404                       |    0.000227                       |    0.010335                       |    0.010001                       |    0.011351                       |    0.002838                       |    0.003319                       |    0.000247                       |    0.004720                       |    0.013521                       |    0.010923                       |    0.002754                       |    0.003330                       |    0.000231                       |    0.007187                       |    0.012563                       |    0.007318                       |    0.002793                       |    0.003334                       |    0.000221                       |    0.003873                       |    0.010739                       |    0.003915                       |    0.002804                       |    0.003333                       |    0.000210                       |    0.003265                       |    0.005953                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.433004                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5057600                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5057600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265566                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3695823                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3107168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.072424                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          313110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8486346                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45142                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4309447                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20662                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8531488                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4330109                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  12795793                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65804                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              12861597                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5215312                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9483                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5224795                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5215312                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9483                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5224795                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 65779014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18558743                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               26256617                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5057600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3420278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              42485502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          596962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       209935                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       307777                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5214676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     62155623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.792498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.154092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         53213602     85.61%     85.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           850204      1.37%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           529236      0.85%     87.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           942482      1.52%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1225960      1.97%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           540922      0.87%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           466992      0.75%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           978125      1.57%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3408100      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     62155623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.399164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15399430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      38876541                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6453519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1127645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       46836529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15923244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        24287529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4827610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6956434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles       9862318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       45910112                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2151364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     54943630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     107340206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     65067039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      45142738                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9800862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135599                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           7394575                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4339506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      4496946                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       631740                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       485614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           44807475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       218279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          47017104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7093565                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11432852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48896                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     62155623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.756442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     43608044     70.16%     70.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      6399838     10.30%     80.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4758119      7.66%     88.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2439748      3.93%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2760337      4.44%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1034031      1.66%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692111      1.11%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289545      0.47%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173850      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     62155623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95263     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601759     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66306      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165338      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33810072     71.91%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22622      0.05%     72.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.11%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8609968     18.31%     90.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4356725      9.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       47017104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.714774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.016235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    157096124                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     52125805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41726578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47615062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       713359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2629                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6926                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5105395                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4277967                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17864171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     45025754                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4339506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4496946                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       209158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73296                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6926                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      46627097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8475211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             12788671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3990100                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4313460                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.708845                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               41789063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              41726598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          27332868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41751021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.634345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.654663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7283071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       169383                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       278971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     61004568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.618235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.534687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     46641428     76.46%     76.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7121478     11.67%     88.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1727736      2.83%     90.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2018443      3.31%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       621802      1.02%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       909110      1.49%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       693975      1.14%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278499      0.46%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       992097      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     61004568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     20438985                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       37715156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7330579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3229435                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3653460                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          37426835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       238405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81857      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     30230312     80.15%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21407      0.06%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.14%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3229435      8.56%     89.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4101144     10.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     37715156                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        992097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            104952682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            91152045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3623391                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            20438985                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              37715156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.218311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.218311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.310722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.310722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         67038239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33184635                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19977553                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16151821                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        21283903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125369                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1639360000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1639359999.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3216070                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        35.595244                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       27.828642                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       46.003210                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3209465     99.79%     99.79% |        6159      0.19%     99.99% |         417      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3216070                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3118087                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        37.386833                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       29.551225                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       48.851003                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3090011     99.10%     99.10% |       20902      0.67%     99.77% |        5350      0.17%     99.94% |        1156      0.04%     99.98% |         500      0.02%     99.99% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3118087                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        892138                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        30.097839                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       26.978771                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       14.063231                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      514104     57.63%     57.63% |      360098     40.36%     97.99% |       15929      1.79%     99.78% |        1596      0.18%     99.95% |         331      0.04%     99.99% |          78      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          892138                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4123586                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           30.518748                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.176492                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         112.660262                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4079719     98.94%     98.94% |       33472      0.81%     99.75% |        7894      0.19%     99.94% |        1724      0.04%     99.98% |         483      0.01%     99.99% |         243      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4123586                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3529537                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000850                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000732                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029504                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3526573     99.92%     99.92% |        2927      0.08%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3529537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       594049                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     194.016103                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.138802                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    238.481259                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      550182     92.62%     92.62% |       33472      5.63%     98.25% |        7894      1.33%     99.58% |        1724      0.29%     99.87% |         483      0.08%     99.95% |         243      0.04%     99.99% |          49      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        594049                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4895181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           28.794105                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           5.407784                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         105.709134                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4869758     99.48%     99.48% |       15060      0.31%     99.79% |        4729      0.10%     99.88% |        3021      0.06%     99.95% |        1726      0.04%     99.98% |         690      0.01%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4895181                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4132127                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.007515                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.006482                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.087061                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4101321     99.25%     99.25% |       30557      0.74%     99.99% |         249      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4132127                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       763054                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     168.434895                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    129.925819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    220.422968                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      737631     96.67%     96.67% |       15060      1.97%     98.64% |        4729      0.62%     99.26% |        3021      0.40%     99.66% |        1726      0.23%     99.88% |         690      0.09%     99.97% |         154      0.02%     99.99% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        763054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5208507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.901507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.236245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.780709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5195956     99.76%     99.76% |       10528      0.20%     99.96% |        1783      0.03%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5208507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5085523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000627                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5085521    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5085523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       122984                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.530874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.357400                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.040232                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110433     89.79%     89.79% |       10528      8.56%     98.36% |        1783      1.45%     99.80% |          46      0.04%     99.84% |          82      0.07%     99.91% |          90      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       122984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.502320                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.666426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.473747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125460     99.00%     99.00% |         997      0.79%     99.78% |         244      0.19%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118913                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118805     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118913                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.190354                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.236241                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.089906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6547     83.75%     83.75% |         997     12.75%     96.51% |         244      3.12%     99.63% |           7      0.09%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13327                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       377446                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       262715                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    47406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    50727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     4730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    47317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     4975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    7666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   51750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   49369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    4708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    7664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   50614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    4361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   42612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    4843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    6133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   42711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   47282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    4486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    6121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   46108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    4828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   46252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    4370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   49515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    4332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   44772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    4861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   47079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    4463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   43943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    4835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   48368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    4481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    6131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   46983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    4939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   45954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    4694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    6134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   42699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    4599                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    6131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   43689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    4368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    6130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                   45019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                    5551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                   40351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                    4372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    6131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   44667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    4536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                    6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   43958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    4353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                    6123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                   40299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                    4324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                   44886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                    4734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    6118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                   46901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                    4711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    7652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                   50651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    4964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                    7650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                   47169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    4606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                    6119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                   56041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                     58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                    62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  1129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  1074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                  1136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                  1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                  1082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  1069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                   224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                  1141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                  1030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                  1155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                   300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                  1059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                   243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                    53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                  1002                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                   268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                  1197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                  1137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                    68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                  1192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                   264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                    70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                  1126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                  1390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    18307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    19399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    18302                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   19801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   19223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      12                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   19220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   16408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   16192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   19037                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   18080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                     529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   17641                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                     469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   19746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   17779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   18667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                     490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   16916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   18765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                     460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                   18422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                     623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                   18124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                     635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                   16946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                   17072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                     504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                   17993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                     788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                   16076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                     502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                   17633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                      16                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                   16851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                     490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                   15238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                     551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                   18142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                     503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                   18281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                      20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                   19733                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                     568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                      32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                   18459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                     459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                      23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                   22396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 7724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                48543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                 4840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                51910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                48457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 5212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                7725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               52982                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                5096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                7726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                4964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                7725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               51745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                4600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               43605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                5084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               43764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               48536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               47236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                5088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               47327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                4588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               50782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               45902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                5104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               48208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               45017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                5112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               49541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                4716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               48119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses                5232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               47059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               43781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                4852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                6180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               44758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses               46160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                5868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses               41381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses                4584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                6179                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               45822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                4836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                6181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               45017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                4596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses               41301                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                4592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses               46083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses                4972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses               48038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses                4976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                7720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses               51843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                5228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                7720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses               48295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                4844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses                6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses               57431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  120734                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140474939969303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140474940488550                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  112331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  122233                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31451887                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               368448621                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               368463061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               368984455                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               368443278                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              368445827                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              368973741                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              368451131                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              368462608                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              368991486                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              368444121                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              368450353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              368963657                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              368464337                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              368465858                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              369038734                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              368473986                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              368455642                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              369043327                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              368473754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              368468407                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              369057604                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              368462650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              368456508                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              369008115                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              368464053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              368531579                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              369078183                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              368547990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              368543168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              369126137                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              368565818                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              368569092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              369176985                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              368574083                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              368557733                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              369144554                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              368557362                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              368547544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              369119021                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              368554655                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              368537332                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              369092947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              368562092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              368551406                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              369128508                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              368583568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              368564205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              369146748                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              368584620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              368577196                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              369197228                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              368626927                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              368618689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              369200109                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles              368634284                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles              368635054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles              369238326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles              368673750                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles              368647174                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles              369208048                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles              368624404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles              368629133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles              369190174                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles              368624355                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles              368618281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles              369181671                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles              368634084                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles              368630193                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles              369220373                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles              368640093                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles              368644704                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles              369212874                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles              368637973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles              368620919                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles              369187775                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles              368662286                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles              368680410                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles              369222042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles              368684723                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles              368693871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles              369243213                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles              368670564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles              368658323                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles              369256956                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    3100                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    6404                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   24268                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    3168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6405                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    6405                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   24224                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    3408                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   6405                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  26498                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   6406                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  25266                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   6405                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  25871                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   3016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  21817                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   3324                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  21876                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  24268                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  23632                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   3328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  23679                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   3004                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  25406                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  22962                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   3344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  24116                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  22521                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   3352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  24785                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                   3088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                  24053                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   3428                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  23543                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  21905                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   3180                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   5124                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  22394                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                   3008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                  23088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                   3844                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                  20701                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                   3000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   5123                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  22926                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   3164                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                   5125                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  22521                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                   3012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                  20665                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                   3008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                  23055                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                   3256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                  24034                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                   3260                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                  25933                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                   3424                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                  24159                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                   3172                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                   5120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                  28728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  24275                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  25958                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  24233                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 26484                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 25247                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 25874                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 21788                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 21888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 24268                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 23604                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 23648                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 25376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 22940                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 24092                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 22496                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  1760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 24756                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  1628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                 24066                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                 23516                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 21876                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                 22364                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                 23072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  2024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                 20680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                 22896                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                 22496                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                 20636                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                 23028                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                 24004                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                  1716                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                 25910                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                  1804                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                  1320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                 24136                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  1672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                  1056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                 28703                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 2984                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 6371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                23131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 3047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                24769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3159                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 6370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                23084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3309                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               25266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                6370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               24122                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                6370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               24740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                2924                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                5096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               20824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               20823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                2906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                5083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               23014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                2988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                5085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               22504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                3218                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits               22604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                2907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               24139                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                2903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               21832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                3249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                5083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               22987                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                2975                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits               21447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                3227                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               23612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                2996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                5095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits               22917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                3293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                5096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               22438                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                5098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               20823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                3066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                5095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               21325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                2910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                5095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits               21947                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                3705                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits               19671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits                2918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                5095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               21771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                3031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                5097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               21462                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                2913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits                5088                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits               19663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                2899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits                5083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits               21858                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits                3153                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits               22897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                6358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits               24741                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                3323                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                6357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits               23033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                3070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits               27338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 33                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses                77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1053                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               110                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses              1075                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1267                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses              1130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses              1129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses              1074                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1173                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses              1136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses              1105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses              1082                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses              1069                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses              1141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses              1030                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses                82                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses              1155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses               133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses              1059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses                32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses              1002                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses              1197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses              1137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses              1192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses               101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses              1126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses              1390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               24275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               25958                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               24233                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              26484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              25247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               1579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              25874                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              21788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              21888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1457                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              24268                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               1498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              23604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               1610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits              23648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits              25376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1429                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits              22940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits              24092                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits              22496                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits              24756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               1485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits              24066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               1646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits              23516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits              21876                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1533                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits              22364                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               1458                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits              23072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               1846                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits              20680                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits               1454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits              22896                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits               1505                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits              22496                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1440                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits              20636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits               1425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits               1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits              23028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits               1581                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits               1034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits              24004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits               1567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               1294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits              25910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits               1641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits               1293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits              24136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               1536                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits               1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits              28703                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses              143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses              126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              178                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses              167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses              159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses              135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses              149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses               26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses              163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses               27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses              136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       82                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       79                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      82                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      80                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                      81                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                      76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                      76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                      40                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                      79                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                      41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                      73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                      46                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                      71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                      73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                      76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                      70                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                      76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                      39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                      81                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                      41                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                      77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                      38                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                      84                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 608880                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                1017886                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1480381                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 610277                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 998163                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                1478840                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 606634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1002486                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                1483257                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 608202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                999690                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1484912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                610346                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               1006414                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               1479878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                610062                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                988707                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1487451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                616047                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                885940                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               1499118                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                608016                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                881818                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1494392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                617355                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                872104                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               1485238                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                613758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                882885                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               1488934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                613188                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                864586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1495856                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                611368                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                863382                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1474715                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                607741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                901138                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               1499439                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                619354                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                876425                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               1508779                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                605314                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles                876120                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               1499829                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                614935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles                854647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1478122                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                617203                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                868824                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               1477500                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles                611065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                882887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               1489387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                611385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                906388                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               1476518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                616077                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                880155                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1491092                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                610539                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                887037                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles               1510062                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                609747                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                903121                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles               1474127                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles                611976                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                902295                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               1485145                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                621165                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                863407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               1504936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                606467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles                854806                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles               1521433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                613387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles                925894                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles               1513321                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles                613329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                861852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles               1477446                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles                612229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles               1012589                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               1506691                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                614275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles               1014302                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles               1489758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles                606152                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles                850257                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles               1482551                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                    648                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                    640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                    632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                    600                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    600                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                    584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    736                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                    568                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                    592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                    624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                    648                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                    656                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                    160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                    616                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                    608                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                    672                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                457739                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                947643                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1343796                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                397972                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                929688                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1347725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                365694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                932482                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1361678                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                408065                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               932712                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1344461                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               437018                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               935900                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1355136                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               431785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles               921514                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1355118                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               464839                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               824673                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              1368840                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               372172                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               821767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1370799                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               412323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               808076                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              1339868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               435845                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles               822725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1370069                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               402716                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles               807523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1376404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles               438804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               805791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1322742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles               443658                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               835567                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              1352658                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               418714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles               815715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              1359114                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               406778                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles               814719                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              1375351                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles               423570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               793643                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1352721                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles               454779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               805796                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              1345006                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles               407128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               821433                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              1360373                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               407880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles               843254                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              1353275                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               448731                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               819184                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1366655                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles               419966                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles               824045                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles              1380749                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles               438756                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               838614                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles              1348637                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles               363194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               838466                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              1363873                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               444913                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles               800967                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              1383222                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               380068                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles               791960                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles              1410074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles               463317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles               862468                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles              1375675                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles               449762                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               799824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles              1363776                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles               397704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               941983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              1370600                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles               392713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles               942723                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles              1364649                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles               409751                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles               792968                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles              1337026                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              31870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              53131                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              33120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              54448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              34007                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              52456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              35342                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             54448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             34942                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             51792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             33769                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles             53120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             30933                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             47808                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             35061                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             30918                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             53120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             32150                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             51128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             34944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             51792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles             31024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             53784                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             30952                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             34972                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles             50464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             32265                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             50464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles             34689                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             52456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             32475                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             49800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles             36356                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles             49800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             34140                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles             32833                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             48472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             31442                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             51130                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles             40742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles             47144                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles             31417                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles             48472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             33706                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles             50482                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles             31730                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             46480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles             31050                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles             50464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles             33499                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles             49136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles             34366                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles             53784                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             35520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles             42240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles             51128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles             33230                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles             33792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles             55776                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               636962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               553548                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               959325                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               718452                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               546047                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               932247                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               770684                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               556826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               943589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               696605                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              539221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              945707                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              656814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              550306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              947219                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              682991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              534484                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              934249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              641364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              498743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              979676                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              776371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              483996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              994222                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              727142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              480028                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             1016652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              675396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              491061                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              959048                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              727796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              461132                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              948325                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              680823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              469863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              994868                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              658767                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              507123                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             1073474                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              728884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              480835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1028607                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              717443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              484473                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles              960404                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              688634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              460962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              940545                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              649418                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              472973                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              963173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              717297                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              486888                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles              981458                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              701212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              508332                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles              990698                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              665672                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              492741                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              981950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              699396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              511771                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles             1024626                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              698592                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles              516627                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles              988541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles              778589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles              507481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles              973698                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles              670375                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles              480138                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles              972985                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles              722421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles              488149                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles              982754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles              641857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles              507978                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles             1032517                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles              662382                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles              469907                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles              949612                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles              725647                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles              546240                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles              997490                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles              741777                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles              555520                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles              979029                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles              710898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles              455752                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles             1010821                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           457739                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           947643                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1343796                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           397972                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           929688                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1347725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           365694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           932482                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1361678                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           408065                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          932712                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1344461                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          437018                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          935900                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1355136                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          431785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time          921514                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1355118                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          464839                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          824673                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         1368840                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          372172                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          821767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1370799                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          412323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          808076                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         1339868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          435845                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time          822725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1370069                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          402716                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time          807523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1376404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time          438804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          805791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1322742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time          443658                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          835567                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         1352658                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          418714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time          815715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         1359114                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          406778                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time          814719                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         1375351                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time          423570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          793643                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1352721                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time          454779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          805796                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         1345006                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time          407128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          821433                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         1360373                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          407880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time          843254                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         1353275                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          448731                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          819184                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1366655                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time          419966                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time          824045                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time         1380749                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time          438756                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          838614                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time         1348637                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time          363194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          838466                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         1363873                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          444913                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time          800967                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         1383222                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          380068                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time          791960                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time         1410074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time          463317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time          862468                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time         1375675                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time          449762                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          799824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time         1363776                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time          397704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          941983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         1370600                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time          392713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time          942723                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time         1364649                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time          409751                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time          792968                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time         1337026                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         31003                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         53046                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         31186                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         54366                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         31767                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         52377                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         33887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        54394                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        32912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        51693                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        32238                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time        53066                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        30156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        47745                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        32657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        49038                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        29937                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        53036                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        30657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        51023                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        32681                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        51722                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time        30030                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        53685                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        30147                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        48959                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        33004                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time        50373                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        30448                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        50415                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        32991                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        52365                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        30446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        49744                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time        33541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time        49726                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        32413                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        49080                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time        31531                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        48416                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        29605                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        51019                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time        37757                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time        47088                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time        29444                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time        48381                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        31152                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time        50365                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time        29350                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        46402                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time        30088                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time        50373                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time        32591                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time        49059                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time        32064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time        53630                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        33643                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time        42240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time        51061                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time        31456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time        33792                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time        55629                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          472326                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          553548                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          909205                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          491181                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          546047                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          874798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          497665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          556826                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          895185                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          481374                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         539221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         885784                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         472785                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         550306                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         896352                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         485294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         534484                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         888710                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         488335                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         498743                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         925587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         511774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         483996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         925506                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         500893                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         480028                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         933915                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         486239                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         491061                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         907546                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         491455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         461132                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         903544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         491518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         469863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         914195                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         475997                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         507123                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         954392                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         511360                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         480835                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         944384                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         497366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         484473                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         916503                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         481903                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         460962                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         897894                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         480950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         472973                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         904720                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         493511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         486888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         920872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         485361                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         508332                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         930665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         482278                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         492741                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         924909                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         496172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         511771                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         956050                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         491593                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time         516627                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time         934664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time         505606                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time         507481                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time         917924                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time         484629                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time         480138                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time         912625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time         483328                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time         488149                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time         933227                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time         479513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time         507978                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time         950510                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time         489214                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time         469907                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time         906631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time         492061                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time         546240                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time         917528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time         500771                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time         555520                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time         913906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time         494969                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time         455752                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time         919360                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             606461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            1012606                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1474548                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             607631                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             992883                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            1472759                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             604420                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             997206                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            1477783                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             605475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            994410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1478544                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            607509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           1001134                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           1474406                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time            607234                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            983427                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1481560                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            613543                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            881716                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           1493683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            605274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            877594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1489365                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            615282                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            867880                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           1479545                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            611241                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            878661                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           1483149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            610464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time            860362                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1490098                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            608939                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            859158                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1469442                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            605247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            896914                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           1494434                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            616436                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            872201                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           1503136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            602617                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time            871896                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           1494478                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            612323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time            850423                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1472305                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            614669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            864600                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           1471844                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time            607640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            878663                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           1483969                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            608475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time            902164                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           1471320                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            613584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            875931                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1485769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            608126                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            882813                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time           1505006                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time            606533                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            898897                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time           1469376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time            609692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            898071                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           1479787                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            618120                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time            859183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           1499516                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            604153                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time            850582                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time           1516874                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time            610951                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time            921670                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time           1508063                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time            610537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            857628                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time           1472310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time            609600                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time           1007309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           1501015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            611727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time           1009022                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time           1484293                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time            603777                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time            846033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time           1476521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             14261                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles            144758                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              1067                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              6304                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              1468                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             14288                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1390                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             7709                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles            13541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            17786                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1427                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           141204                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             7679                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles           105044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             1578                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             2174                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1573                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles             1937                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles            14546                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles            35160                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles            13350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles           237127                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles             1482                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles            81704                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles            13486                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles           117245                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles            13659                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles            12221                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles            14307                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles            20120                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles            14437                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles            44234                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles             1571                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles           124494                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles             1599                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles            46361                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             1493                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles             3222                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             1025                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             1327                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles             1437                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles            32485                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles             5306                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles            31003                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles            13781                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles            49241                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles            14050                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles            10605                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             7653                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles           247003                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles             1570                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles            11883                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles             1575                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles             2018                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles             7960                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles           191053                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles             1010                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles            14131                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles             9528                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles           250675                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          68526642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          66996167                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          68526638                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          66994045                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          68526644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          66994192                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         68526640                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         66994169                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         68526649                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         66994205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         68526645                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         66996038                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         68526661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         66995636                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         68526657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         66993941                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles         66368502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles         68526666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         66993951                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles         66368672                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles         68526662                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles         66994594                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles         66368613                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         68526658                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles         66997912                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles         66368500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles         68526664                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles         66995358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         66368697                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles         68526678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles         66996115                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles         66368692                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles         68526674                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         66994110                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles         66368670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles         68526670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles         66994243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles         66368657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         68526666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles         66994615                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles         66368511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles         68526675                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles         66995905                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         66368517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles         68526681                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles         66994833                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles         66368523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles         68526687                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         66994100                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles         66368519                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles         68526683                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles         66993965                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles         66368528                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         68526692                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles         66994628                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles         66368535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles         68526698                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles         66994503                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         66368656                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles         68526689                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles         66994742                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles         66368684                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles         68526685                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         66994114                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles         68526694                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles         66998367                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles         66368536                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         68526700                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles         66994305                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles         66368527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles         68526691                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles         66993974                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles         66368526                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles         68526688                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles         66996845                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles         66368532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles         68526696                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles         66994264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles         66368531                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles         68526692                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles         66998188                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           518458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1017676                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1181324                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           520339                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           997999                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1179730                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           515318                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          1002378                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1183805                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles           523285                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles          999539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         1183251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles          516564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1006314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1179087                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles          529031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles          988555                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1183796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles          522153                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles          885840                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1204186                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles          522971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles          881719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         1191508                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles          530937                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles          872000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1182396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles          526458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles          882763                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1191354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles          517083                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles          864439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1194794                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles          519696                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles          863252                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         1173946                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles          509896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles          901059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1201846                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles          537769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles          876311                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1206774                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles          509694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles          875989                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1200234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles          512812                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles          854491                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         1178627                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles          533995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles          868699                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1178175                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles          516131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles          882740                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1189973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles          517143                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles          906270                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         1177315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles          515169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles          880068                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         1193132                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles          524058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles          886929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1209717                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles          518750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles          903046                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles         1179884                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles          524777                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles          902156                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         1183606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles          535915                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles          863272                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         1201967                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles          524337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles          854699                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         1223360                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles          512443                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles          925770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         1209883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles          519942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles          861728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles         1178056                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles          517765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         1012477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         1204648                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles          525055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles         1014210                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         1187091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles          520971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles          850091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         1177196                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0               99                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               95                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               41                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0              282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0              255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0               94                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0              139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               98                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0               40                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0              257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0              113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0              292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0               54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0              291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0              109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0              339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              7422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6870                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             7472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             6105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             6476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             6185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             6365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             6791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             6594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1040                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             6010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             6269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             6375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             1206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             6863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             6491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             6213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             5744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             6087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1             1081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1             1028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1             5938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1             1238                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1             1030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1             5379                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1             1070                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1             6140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1             1109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1             1028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1             6427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1             1095                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1             1030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1             6143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1             1029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1             1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1             5804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1             1202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1             1022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1             6568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1             1169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1             1289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1             7065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1             1234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1             1277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1             6512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1             1206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1             1027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1             7358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1550                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              4517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5240                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             5192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             4535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             5193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             3827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             1326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             3836                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             4217                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             1407                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             4535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             1265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             4162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             3568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             1330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             3883                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             1358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             4108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             1528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             1402                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             4536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2             1325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             1365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2             4108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             1165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2             3860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             1306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             3509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2             1316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             3776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2             1103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2             1271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2             3654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             1220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2             1255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2             3189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2             1113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2             1317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2             3785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2             1370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2             1343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2             4145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2             1296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2             3855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2             1160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2             1329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2             3678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2             1345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2             4219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2             1398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2             1752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2             4807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2             1273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2             1688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2             4225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2             1363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2             1403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2             4668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            1731                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             998                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           23743                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1312                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             323                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           26414                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1013                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           28760                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               4                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            562                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles          20523                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            320                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          27517                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           1712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            778                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          30025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            735                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2383                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          23979                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            270                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1608                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          31647                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            858                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles           4737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          25454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles            254                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           4925                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          24464                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles            456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           4572                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          19627                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           4880                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles          23233                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            379                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           4989                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles          32020                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            351                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           4638                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          32994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles            421                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           2885                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles          24997                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles            386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           2343                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles          25122                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles            315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           2591                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles          24130                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles            251                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           3604                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          33542                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           1014                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles           4622                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles          36894                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles            343                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles           4098                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles          26840                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles            822                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles           4920                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles          32983                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles            560                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           4961                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles          32606                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles            677                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           4581                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles          38419                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles            529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles           3376                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles          25943                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           2166                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles           4657                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles          28672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles            305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           5047                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles          37853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles            107                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           4990                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles          33067                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles            362                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles           4953                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles          23155                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles            603                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles           4996                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles          36064                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles            823                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles           4936                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles          32600                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77424     25.35%     25.35% |       76111     24.92%     50.27% |       76131     24.93%     75.20% |       75745     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       55974     25.42%     25.42% |       54764     24.87%     50.30% |       54777     24.88%     75.18% |       54654     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77450     25.36%     25.36% |       76111     24.92%     50.28% |       76131     24.93%     75.20% |       75744     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61884     25.38%     25.38% |       60681     24.89%     50.26% |       60697     24.89%     75.16% |       60576     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243838                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13258     25.27%     25.27% |       13155     25.07%     50.34% |       13162     25.08%     75.42% |       12899     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52474                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77424     25.35%     25.35% |       76111     24.92%     50.27% |       76131     24.93%     75.20% |       75745     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55717     25.40%     25.40% |       54569     24.88%     50.28% |       54585     24.89%     75.17% |       54465     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219336                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13258     25.27%     25.27% |       13155     25.07%     50.34% |       13162     25.08%     75.42% |       12899     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52474                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77424     25.35%     25.35% |       76111     24.92%     50.27% |       76131     24.93%     75.20% |       75744     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305410                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55717     25.40%     25.40% |       54569     24.88%     50.28% |       54585     24.89%     75.17% |       54464     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3152611     76.42%     76.42% |          38      0.00%     76.43% |       33709      0.82%     77.24% |       35462      0.86%     78.10% |       33826      0.82%     78.92% |       36234      0.88%     79.80% |       34923      0.85%     80.65% |       35454      0.86%     81.51% |       29866      0.72%     82.23% |       30262      0.73%     82.96% |       32337      0.78%     83.75% |       31749      0.77%     84.52% |       32033      0.78%     85.29% |       33437      0.81%     86.11% |       31009      0.75%     86.86% |       32493      0.79%     87.64% |       30641      0.74%     88.39% |       33165      0.80%     89.19% |       32198      0.78%     89.97% |       32006      0.78%     90.75% |       30198      0.73%     91.48% |       30605      0.74%     92.22% |       31142      0.75%     92.98% |       29586      0.72%     93.69% |       30956      0.75%     94.44% |       30722      0.74%     95.19% |       28705      0.70%     95.89% |       31093      0.75%     96.64% |       32317      0.78%     97.42% |       35505      0.86%     98.28% |       33897      0.82%     99.10% |       36929      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4125108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5208565    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5208565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4227643     84.16%     84.16% |           0      0.00%     84.16% |       27100      0.54%     84.70% |       28827      0.57%     85.27% |       27146      0.54%     85.81% |       29499      0.59%     86.40% |       28226      0.56%     86.96% |       28794      0.57%     87.54% |       24334      0.48%     88.02% |       24580      0.49%     88.51% |       26785      0.53%     89.04% |       26193      0.52%     89.56% |       26372      0.52%     90.09% |       27923      0.56%     90.65% |       25478      0.51%     91.15% |       26809      0.53%     91.69% |       25082      0.50%     92.19% |       27478      0.55%     92.73% |       26632      0.53%     93.26% |       26280      0.52%     93.79% |       24554      0.49%     94.27% |       24999      0.50%     94.77% |       25605      0.51%     95.28% |       23658      0.47%     95.75% |       25443      0.51%     96.26% |       25126      0.50%     96.76% |       23181      0.46%     97.22% |       25572      0.51%     97.73% |       26683      0.53%     98.26% |       28848      0.57%     98.84% |       27160      0.54%     99.38% |       31336      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5023346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13367      3.83%      3.83% |          38      0.01%      3.84% |       11633      3.33%      7.17% |       11333      3.25%     10.42% |       11528      3.30%     13.72% |       11085      3.18%     16.90% |       10804      3.10%     20.00% |       11460      3.28%     23.28% |       11125      3.19%     26.47% |       11701      3.35%     29.82% |       10248      2.94%     32.76% |       11059      3.17%     35.92% |       11103      3.18%     39.11% |       10672      3.06%     42.16% |       11566      3.31%     45.48% |       11726      3.36%     48.84% |       10436      2.99%     51.83% |       10464      3.00%     54.83% |       10947      3.14%     57.96% |       11770      3.37%     61.33% |       11514      3.30%     64.63% |       11075      3.17%     67.81% |       11051      3.17%     70.97% |       11418      3.27%     74.24% |       10917      3.13%     77.37% |       11042      3.16%     80.54% |       10712      3.07%     83.61% |       11933      3.42%     87.02% |       11766      3.37%     90.40% |       11371      3.26%     93.65% |       10978      3.15%     96.80% |       11171      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       349013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410207     55.69%     55.69% |           0      0.00%     55.69% |       11492      1.56%     57.25% |       11797      1.60%     58.85% |       11267      1.53%     60.38% |       12077      1.64%     62.02% |       11754      1.60%     63.62% |       11753      1.60%     65.21% |       10248      1.39%     66.61% |       10173      1.38%     67.99% |       10731      1.46%     69.44% |       10721      1.46%     70.90% |       10717      1.45%     72.35% |       10937      1.48%     73.84% |       10462      1.42%     75.26% |       10968      1.49%     76.75% |       10367      1.41%     78.16% |       11172      1.52%     79.67% |       10511      1.43%     81.10% |       10675      1.45%     82.55% |       10428      1.42%     83.96% |       10528      1.43%     85.39% |       10423      1.42%     86.81% |       10847      1.47%     88.28% |       10134      1.38%     89.66% |       10537      1.43%     91.09% |        9658      1.31%     92.40% |       10513      1.43%     93.83% |       10880      1.48%     95.30% |       11733      1.59%     96.90% |       11338      1.54%     98.44% |       11519      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       736567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10413      3.45%      3.45% |       11884      3.94%      7.39% |       10374      3.44%     10.84% |       12208      4.05%     14.88% |       11249      3.73%     18.61% |       11859      3.93%     22.55% |        8872      2.94%     25.49% |        7223      2.40%     27.89% |       11022      3.66%     31.54% |       10072      3.34%     34.88% |       10400      3.45%     38.33% |       10885      3.61%     41.94% |        9206      3.05%     44.99% |       10167      3.37%     48.37% |        9880      3.28%     51.64% |       11160      3.70%     55.34% |       10174      3.37%     58.72% |        9654      3.20%     61.92% |        8226      2.73%     64.65% |        8848      2.93%     67.58% |        9560      3.17%     70.75% |        8259      2.74%     73.49% |        9344      3.10%     76.59% |        9221      3.06%     79.65% |        6976      2.31%     81.96% |        9874      3.27%     85.24% |        9768      3.24%     88.48% |       11582      3.84%     92.32% |       10623      3.52%     95.84% |       12540      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       301523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        8758      3.62%      3.64% |        8822      3.65%      7.29% |        7854      3.25%     10.54% |        9573      3.96%     14.50% |        8697      3.60%     18.10% |        8918      3.69%     21.79% |        7296      3.02%     24.81% |        6723      2.78%     27.60% |        7743      3.20%     30.80% |        8013      3.32%     34.12% |        7988      3.31%     37.42% |        8789      3.64%     41.06% |        7514      3.11%     44.17% |        8248      3.41%     47.59% |        7167      2.97%     50.55% |        8232      3.41%     53.96% |        8583      3.55%     57.51% |        8332      3.45%     60.96% |        7443      3.08%     64.04% |        6773      2.80%     66.84% |        7882      3.26%     70.11% |        7277      3.01%     73.12% |        7983      3.30%     76.42% |        7243      3.00%     79.42% |        5444      2.25%     81.67% |        7997      3.31%     84.98% |        8573      3.55%     88.53% |        9010      3.73%     92.26% |        7782      3.22%     95.48% |       10914      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       241602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         508      3.42%      3.42% |         446      3.00%      6.43% |         515      3.47%      9.89% |         634      4.27%     14.16% |         483      3.25%     17.42% |         576      3.88%     21.30% |         550      3.70%     25.00% |         524      3.53%     28.53% |         496      3.34%     31.87% |         371      2.50%     34.37% |         421      2.84%     37.21% |         520      3.50%     40.71% |         673      4.53%     45.24% |         298      2.01%     47.25% |         510      3.44%     50.68% |         499      3.36%     54.04% |         339      2.28%     56.33% |         502      3.38%     59.71% |         421      2.84%     62.54% |         361      2.43%     64.98% |         334      2.25%     67.23% |         414      2.79%     70.01% |         487      3.28%     73.29% |         418      2.82%     76.11% |         803      5.41%     81.52% |         470      3.17%     84.68% |         440      2.96%     87.65% |         610      4.11%     91.76% |         417      2.81%     94.56% |         807      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        14847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141659     55.56%     55.56% |          10      0.00%     55.56% |        4032      1.58%     57.14% |        4195      1.65%     58.79% |        3975      1.56%     60.35% |        4420      1.73%     62.08% |        4030      1.58%     63.66% |        4105      1.61%     65.27% |        3640      1.43%     66.70% |        3373      1.32%     68.02% |        3621      1.42%     69.44% |        3764      1.48%     70.92% |        3623      1.42%     72.34% |        3961      1.55%     73.89% |        3477      1.36%     75.25% |        3540      1.39%     76.64% |        3781      1.48%     78.13% |        3756      1.47%     79.60% |        3551      1.39%     80.99% |        3768      1.48%     82.47% |        3594      1.41%     83.88% |        3459      1.36%     85.24% |        3826      1.50%     86.74% |        3543      1.39%     88.13% |        3636      1.43%     89.55% |        3653      1.43%     90.98% |        3334      1.31%     92.29% |        3652      1.43%     93.72% |        3608      1.42%     95.14% |        4222      1.66%     96.80% |        4065      1.59%     98.39% |        4107      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       254980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |        7829      3.24%      3.25% |        9026      3.74%      6.99% |        8709      3.60%     10.59% |        8978      3.72%     14.31% |        8377      3.47%     17.78% |        8929      3.70%     21.47% |        7401      3.06%     24.53% |        7331      3.03%     27.57% |        8196      3.39%     30.96% |        8178      3.38%     34.35% |        8317      3.44%     37.79% |        7995      3.31%     41.10% |        7985      3.31%     44.40% |        7999      3.31%     47.71% |        7706      3.19%     50.90% |        8433      3.49%     54.39% |        8195      3.39%     57.79% |        8146      3.37%     61.16% |        6977      2.89%     64.05% |        7476      3.09%     67.14% |        7658      3.17%     70.31% |        7399      3.06%     73.37% |        7669      3.17%     76.55% |        8249      3.41%     79.96% |        7385      3.06%     83.02% |        7845      3.25%     86.26% |        8007      3.31%     89.58% |        8768      3.63%     93.21% |        8105      3.35%     96.56% |        8306      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       241602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270224     36.31%     36.31% |           0      0.00%     36.31% |       16886      2.27%     38.58% |       16657      2.24%     40.81% |       16055      2.16%     42.97% |       16294      2.19%     45.16% |       16397      2.20%     47.36% |       16735      2.25%     49.61% |       15092      2.03%     51.64% |       14856      2.00%     53.64% |       15623      2.10%     55.74% |       15756      2.12%     57.85% |       15921      2.14%     59.99% |       15781      2.12%     62.11% |       15218      2.04%     64.16% |       17089      2.30%     66.45% |       15073      2.03%     68.48% |       15709      2.11%     70.59% |       15628      2.10%     72.69% |       16032      2.15%     74.84% |       15645      2.10%     76.94% |       15843      2.13%     79.07% |       15449      2.08%     81.15% |       15877      2.13%     83.28% |       14800      1.99%     85.27% |       14701      1.98%     87.25% |       13002      1.75%     88.99% |       16859      2.27%     91.26% |       16233      2.18%     93.44% |       16303      2.19%     95.63% |       16300      2.19%     97.82% |       16230      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       744268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9396      3.47%      3.47% |       10882      4.02%      7.49% |        9209      3.40%     10.89% |       12545      4.63%     15.52% |       10618      3.92%     19.44% |       11265      4.16%     23.60% |        7598      2.81%     26.40% |        5973      2.21%     28.61% |        9977      3.68%     32.29% |        8803      3.25%     35.54% |        9226      3.41%     38.95% |       10172      3.76%     42.70% |        7955      2.94%     45.64% |        8355      3.08%     48.72% |        8820      3.26%     51.98% |       10561      3.90%     55.88% |        9233      3.41%     59.29% |        8549      3.16%     62.44% |        6870      2.54%     64.98% |        6749      2.49%     67.47% |        8209      3.03%     70.50% |        6681      2.47%     72.97% |        8342      3.08%     76.05% |        8334      3.08%     79.12% |        6136      2.27%     81.39% |        7982      2.95%     84.34% |        8786      3.24%     87.58% |       11382      4.20%     91.78% |        9173      3.39%     95.17% |       13091      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       270872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        8629      3.49%      3.50% |        9910      4.01%      7.51% |        8481      3.43%     10.94% |       11026      4.46%     15.41% |        9742      3.94%     19.35% |       10111      4.09%     23.44% |        7014      2.84%     26.28% |        5502      2.23%     28.51% |        8978      3.63%     32.14% |        8079      3.27%     35.41% |        8443      3.42%     38.83% |        9299      3.76%     42.59% |        7220      2.92%     45.51% |        7757      3.14%     48.65% |        7895      3.20%     51.85% |        9433      3.82%     55.66% |        8620      3.49%     59.15% |        7863      3.18%     62.34% |        6229      2.52%     64.86% |        6311      2.55%     67.41% |        7584      3.07%     70.48% |        6210      2.51%     72.99% |        7712      3.12%     76.12% |        7714      3.12%     79.24% |        5473      2.22%     81.45% |        7322      2.96%     84.42% |        8147      3.30%     87.71% |       10124      4.10%     91.81% |        8430      3.41%     95.22% |       11805      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       247082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287520     62.42%     62.42% |           0      0.00%     62.42% |        6052      1.31%     63.73% |        5994      1.30%     65.03% |        6372      1.38%     66.41% |        5805      1.26%     67.67% |        6056      1.31%     68.99% |        5854      1.27%     70.26% |        5593      1.21%     71.47% |        6132      1.33%     72.80% |        5539      1.20%     74.01% |        5765      1.25%     75.26% |        5640      1.22%     76.48% |        5572      1.21%     77.69% |        5512      1.20%     78.89% |        5848      1.27%     80.16% |        5784      1.26%     81.41% |        5535      1.20%     82.62% |        5401      1.17%     83.79% |        5875      1.28%     85.06% |        5892      1.28%     86.34% |        5929      1.29%     87.63% |        5721      1.24%     88.87% |        6121      1.33%     90.20% |        5350      1.16%     91.36% |        5725      1.24%     92.60% |        5990      1.30%     93.90% |        5820      1.26%     95.17% |        5466      1.19%     96.35% |        5873      1.27%     97.63% |        6162      1.34%     98.97% |        4757      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       460655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141697     34.74%     34.74% |          38      0.01%     34.74% |        9350      2.29%     37.04% |        9618      2.36%     39.39% |        9051      2.22%     41.61% |        9787      2.40%     44.01% |        9501      2.33%     46.34% |        9537      2.34%     48.68% |        8400      2.06%     50.74% |        8177      2.00%     52.74% |        8883      2.18%     54.92% |        8836      2.17%     57.09% |        8721      2.14%     59.22% |        9089      2.23%     61.45% |        8614      2.11%     63.56% |        8972      2.20%     65.76% |        8482      2.08%     67.84% |        9176      2.25%     70.09% |        8626      2.11%     72.21% |        8642      2.12%     74.32% |        8469      2.08%     76.40% |        8606      2.11%     78.51% |        8575      2.10%     80.61% |        8629      2.12%     82.73% |        8286      2.03%     84.76% |        8615      2.11%     86.87% |        7810      1.91%     88.79% |        8665      2.12%     90.91% |        8921      2.19%     93.10% |        9517      2.33%     95.43% |        9048      2.22%     97.65% |        9597      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       407935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122546    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146850     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        2654      1.19%     67.23% |        2691      1.21%     68.44% |        2728      1.23%     69.67% |        2802      1.26%     70.93% |        2765      1.24%     72.17% |        2728      1.23%     73.40% |        2360      1.06%     74.46% |        2508      1.13%     75.59% |        2360      1.06%     76.65% |        2397      1.08%     77.73% |        2508      1.13%     78.86% |        2360      1.06%     79.92% |        2360      1.06%     80.98% |        2508      1.13%     82.11% |        2397      1.08%     83.18% |        2508      1.13%     84.31% |        2397      1.08%     85.39% |        2545      1.14%     86.53% |        2471      1.11%     87.65% |        2434      1.09%     88.74% |        2360      1.06%     89.80% |        2730      1.23%     91.03% |        2360      1.06%     92.09% |        2434      1.09%     93.18% |        2360      1.06%     94.25% |        2360      1.06%     95.31% |        2471      1.11%     96.42% |        2728      1.23%     97.65% |        2802      1.26%     98.91% |        2434      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11157     20.52%     20.52% |           0      0.00%     20.52% |        1491      2.74%     23.26% |        1540      2.83%     26.09% |        1417      2.61%     28.70% |        1547      2.85%     31.54% |        1584      2.91%     34.46% |        1454      2.67%     37.13% |        1476      2.71%     39.84% |        1266      2.33%     42.17% |        1356      2.49%     44.67% |        1401      2.58%     47.24% |        1341      2.47%     49.71% |        1387      2.55%     52.26% |        1535      2.82%     55.08% |        1522      2.80%     57.88% |        1485      2.73%     60.61% |        1525      2.80%     63.42% |        1211      2.23%     65.64% |        1326      2.44%     68.08% |        1579      2.90%     70.99% |        1377      2.53%     73.52% |        1485      2.73%     76.25% |        1550      2.85%     79.10% |        1289      2.37%     81.47% |        1521      2.80%     84.27% |        1337      2.46%     86.73% |        1392      2.56%     89.29% |        1480      2.72%     92.01% |        1479      2.72%     94.73% |        1375      2.53%     97.26% |        1491      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        54376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         332      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |        6053      3.25%      3.43% |        7048      3.79%      7.22% |        6739      3.62%     10.84% |        7127      3.83%     14.67% |        6404      3.44%     18.11% |        7108      3.82%     21.93% |        5866      3.15%     25.08% |        5479      2.94%     28.02% |        6198      3.33%     31.35% |        6193      3.33%     34.68% |        6385      3.43%     38.11% |        6047      3.25%     41.36% |        5895      3.17%     44.53% |        5986      3.22%     47.74% |        6319      3.40%     51.14% |        6298      3.38%     54.52% |        6077      3.27%     57.79% |        6396      3.44%     61.23% |        5288      2.84%     64.07% |        5691      3.06%     67.12% |        5957      3.20%     70.33% |        5551      2.98%     73.31% |        5721      3.07%     76.38% |        6399      3.44%     79.82% |        5598      3.01%     82.83% |        6184      3.32%     86.15% |        6198      3.33%     89.48% |        6964      3.74%     93.22% |        6536      3.51%     96.73% |        6078      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         440    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          21      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       10900      3.56%      3.57% |       10663      3.48%      7.05% |       10424      3.41%     10.46% |       10355      3.38%     13.84% |       10380      3.39%     17.23% |       10703      3.50%     20.73% |        9702      3.17%     23.90% |        9691      3.17%     27.07% |       10131      3.31%     30.38% |       10307      3.37%     33.75% |       10342      3.38%     37.13% |       10428      3.41%     40.53% |        9958      3.25%     43.79% |       11041      3.61%     47.39% |        9523      3.11%     50.51% |       10148      3.32%     53.82% |       10188      3.33%     57.15% |       10528      3.44%     60.59% |        9996      3.27%     63.86% |       10013      3.27%     67.13% |       10042      3.28%     70.41% |        9919      3.24%     73.65% |        9794      3.20%     76.85% |        9312      3.04%     79.89% |        8443      2.76%     82.65% |       11083      3.62%     86.27% |       10423      3.41%     89.68% |       10417      3.40%     93.08% |       10123      3.31%     96.39% |       11043      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       306041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         522      0.57%      0.57% |           0      0.00%      0.57% |        3298      3.58%      4.14% |        3661      3.97%      8.11% |        3005      3.26%     11.37% |        4008      4.35%     15.72% |        3446      3.74%     19.45% |        3780      4.10%     23.55% |        2597      2.82%     26.37% |        2257      2.45%     28.81% |        3216      3.49%     32.30% |        2894      3.14%     35.44% |        3103      3.36%     38.80% |        3347      3.63%     42.43% |        2852      3.09%     45.52% |        2925      3.17%     48.70% |        2635      2.86%     51.55% |        3381      3.67%     55.22% |        3205      3.48%     58.69% |        2837      3.08%     61.77% |        2463      2.67%     64.44% |        2446      2.65%     67.09% |        2790      3.03%     70.12% |        2246      2.44%     72.55% |        3020      3.27%     75.83% |        2742      2.97%     78.80% |        1994      2.16%     80.96% |        2613      2.83%     83.80% |        3158      3.42%     87.22% |        3806      4.13%     91.35% |        3185      3.45%     94.80% |        4796      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        92228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.63%      3.63% |           0      0.00%      3.63% |        6319      3.34%      6.97% |        6205      3.28%     10.26% |        6356      3.36%     13.62% |        6374      3.37%     16.99% |        6224      3.29%     20.28% |        6621      3.50%     23.78% |        5538      2.93%     26.71% |        5056      2.67%     29.38% |        6277      3.32%     32.70% |        5884      3.11%     35.81% |        6383      3.38%     39.19% |        6499      3.44%     42.63% |        5570      2.95%     45.57% |        6925      3.66%     49.23% |        5495      2.91%     52.14% |        6415      3.39%     55.53% |        6554      3.47%     59.00% |        6302      3.33%     62.33% |        5910      3.13%     65.45% |        5290      2.80%     68.25% |        5879      3.11%     71.36% |        6139      3.25%     74.61% |        5840      3.09%     77.70% |        5119      2.71%     80.40% |        4138      2.19%     82.59% |        6484      3.43%     86.02% |        6009      3.18%     89.20% |        6224      3.29%     92.49% |        6451      3.41%     95.90% |        7753      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       189103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5085523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5085523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        8419      3.47%      3.48% |        9768      4.03%      7.51% |        8278      3.41%     10.92% |       10647      4.39%     15.31% |        9496      3.92%     19.23% |        9804      4.04%     23.27% |        6819      2.81%     26.08% |        5207      2.15%     28.23% |        8846      3.65%     31.88% |        8044      3.32%     35.20% |        8348      3.44%     38.64% |        9112      3.76%     42.40% |        7073      2.92%     45.31% |        7878      3.25%     48.56% |        7734      3.19%     51.75% |        9201      3.79%     55.55% |        8706      3.59%     59.14% |        7698      3.17%     62.31% |        6221      2.57%     64.88% |        6345      2.62%     67.49% |        7583      3.13%     70.62% |        6200      2.56%     73.18% |        7656      3.16%     76.33% |        7557      3.12%     79.45% |        4983      2.05%     81.51% |        7386      3.05%     84.55% |        7982      3.29%     87.84% |        9791      4.04%     91.88% |        8391      3.46%     95.34% |       11296      4.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       242488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1298      0.47%      0.47% |          28      0.01%      0.48% |        9559      3.45%      3.93% |        9366      3.38%      7.30% |        9498      3.42%     10.73% |        9147      3.30%     14.03% |        8816      3.18%     17.20% |        9522      3.43%     20.64% |        9039      3.26%     23.90% |       10012      3.61%     27.51% |        8374      3.02%     30.53% |        9160      3.30%     33.83% |        9136      3.29%     37.12% |        8818      3.18%     40.30% |        9370      3.38%     43.68% |        9586      3.46%     47.14% |        8496      3.06%     50.20% |        8485      3.06%     53.26% |        9116      3.29%     56.55% |        9934      3.58%     60.13% |        9303      3.35%     63.49% |        9100      3.28%     66.77% |        9079      3.27%     70.04% |        9231      3.33%     73.37% |        8931      3.22%     76.59% |        8976      3.24%     79.83% |        8857      3.19%     83.02% |        9708      3.50%     86.52% |        9840      3.55%     90.07% |        9420      3.40%     93.47% |        8904      3.21%     96.68% |        9215      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       277324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122028     66.48%     66.48% |           0      0.00%     66.48% |        2142      1.17%     67.65% |        2142      1.17%     68.82% |        1890      1.03%     69.85% |        2264      1.23%     71.08% |        2252      1.23%     72.31% |        2119      1.15%     73.46% |        2058      1.12%     74.58% |        1784      0.97%     75.56% |        1976      1.08%     76.63% |        2062      1.12%     77.76% |        1974      1.08%     78.83% |        2018      1.10%     79.93% |        2098      1.14%     81.07% |        2195      1.20%     82.27% |        1948      1.06%     83.33% |        2256      1.23%     84.56% |        1905      1.04%     85.60% |        1963      1.07%     86.67% |        2073      1.13%     87.80% |        2153      1.17%     88.97% |        1912      1.04%     90.01% |        2480      1.35%     91.36% |        1764      0.96%     92.32% |        2070      1.13%     93.45% |        1674      0.91%     94.36% |        2080      1.13%     95.50% |        2256      1.23%     96.73% |        2054      1.12%     97.84% |        1991      1.08%     98.93% |        1966      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       183547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1395917     90.82%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |        5408      0.35%     91.17% |        5471      0.36%     91.53% |        5418      0.35%     91.88% |        5584      0.36%     92.24% |        5402      0.35%     92.59% |        5408      0.35%     92.95% |        4466      0.29%     93.24% |        4334      0.28%     93.52% |        4424      0.29%     93.81% |        4433      0.29%     94.09% |        4364      0.28%     94.38% |        4573      0.30%     94.68% |        4379      0.28%     94.96% |        4349      0.28%     95.24% |        4476      0.29%     95.54% |        4438      0.29%     95.82% |        4365      0.28%     96.11% |        4501      0.29%     96.40% |        4378      0.28%     96.69% |        4466      0.29%     96.98% |        4492      0.29%     97.27% |        4382      0.29%     97.55% |        4471      0.29%     97.84% |        4413      0.29%     98.13% |        4323      0.28%     98.41% |        4452      0.29%     98.70% |        4337      0.28%     98.98% |        5534      0.36%     99.34% |        5458      0.36%     99.70% |        4614      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1537030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21186     30.93%     30.93% |           0      0.00%     30.93% |        1655      2.42%     33.35% |        1684      2.46%     35.80% |        1584      2.31%     38.12% |        1662      2.43%     40.54% |        1514      2.21%     42.75% |        1597      2.33%     45.08% |        1664      2.43%     47.51% |        1512      2.21%     49.72% |        1618      2.36%     52.08% |        1619      2.36%     54.45% |        1586      2.32%     56.76% |        1688      2.46%     59.23% |        1452      2.12%     61.35% |        1437      2.10%     63.44% |        1674      2.44%     65.89% |        1537      2.24%     68.13% |        1408      2.06%     70.19% |        1597      2.33%     72.52% |        1576      2.30%     74.82% |        1642      2.40%     77.22% |        1691      2.47%     79.68% |        1514      2.21%     81.89% |        1538      2.25%     84.14% |        1653      2.41%     86.55% |        1444      2.11%     88.66% |        1560      2.28%     90.94% |        1353      1.98%     92.91% |        1755      2.56%     95.48% |        1549      2.26%     97.74% |        1550      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        68499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         610     43.73%     43.73% |          10      0.72%     44.44% |          36      2.58%     47.03% |           4      0.29%     47.31% |          72      5.16%     52.47% |           1      0.07%     52.54% |           1      0.07%     52.62% |          93      6.67%     59.28% |          56      4.01%     63.30% |           0      0.00%     63.30% |           4      0.29%     63.58% |          52      3.73%     67.31% |          13      0.93%     68.24% |           0      0.00%     68.24% |           1      0.07%     68.32% |          40      2.87%     71.18% |           0      0.00%     71.18% |           0      0.00%     71.18% |           9      0.65%     71.83% |           0      0.00%     71.83% |           1      0.07%     71.90% |          50      3.58%     75.48% |          44      3.15%     78.64% |          63      4.52%     83.15% |           0      0.00%     83.15% |         107      7.67%     90.82% |          64      4.59%     95.41% |          31      2.22%     97.63% |          28      2.01%     99.64% |           1      0.07%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |           4      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119786     81.41%     81.41% |           0      0.00%     81.41% |        1120      0.76%     82.18% |        1117      0.76%     82.93% |        1049      0.71%     83.65% |        1152      0.78%     84.43% |        1120      0.76%     85.19% |        1028      0.70%     85.89% |         864      0.59%     86.48% |         884      0.60%     87.08% |         833      0.57%     87.64% |         824      0.56%     88.20% |         855      0.58%     88.79% |         904      0.61%     89.40% |         845      0.57%     89.97% |         833      0.57%     90.54% |         865      0.59%     91.13% |         904      0.61%     91.74% |         833      0.57%     92.31% |         833      0.57%     92.88% |         841      0.57%     93.45% |         815      0.55%     94.00% |         789      0.54%     94.54% |         794      0.54%     95.08% |         853      0.58%     95.66% |         773      0.53%     96.18% |         798      0.54%     96.72% |         806      0.55%     97.27% |         844      0.57%     97.85% |        1160      0.79%     98.63% |        1165      0.79%     99.43% |         845      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       147132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         937      3.22%      3.22% |        1071      3.68%      6.89% |         951      3.26%     10.16% |        1318      4.52%     14.68% |        1076      3.69%     18.37% |        1068      3.67%     22.04% |         824      2.83%     24.87% |         709      2.43%     27.30% |         851      2.92%     30.22% |         993      3.41%     33.63% |         885      3.04%     36.67% |        1121      3.85%     40.52% |         873      3.00%     43.51% |         951      3.26%     46.78% |         955      3.28%     50.05% |        1067      3.66%     53.72% |         991      3.40%     57.12% |        1019      3.50%     60.62% |         866      2.97%     63.59% |         665      2.28%     65.87% |         983      3.37%     69.25% |         877      3.01%     72.26% |         946      3.25%     75.50% |         848      2.91%     78.41% |         738      2.53%     80.95% |         940      3.23%     84.17% |        1103      3.79%     87.96% |        1027      3.53%     91.48% |        1076      3.69%     95.18% |        1405      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        29134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1606274     89.07%     89.07% |           0      0.00%     89.07% |        6579      0.36%     89.43% |        7120      0.39%     89.83% |        6262      0.35%     90.18% |        7362      0.41%     90.58% |        7392      0.41%     90.99% |        6780      0.38%     91.37% |        5596      0.31%     91.68% |        7216      0.40%     92.08% |        6555      0.36%     92.44% |        6403      0.36%     92.80% |        6180      0.34%     93.14% |        7229      0.40%     93.54% |        6551      0.36%     93.91% |        6261      0.35%     94.25% |        5869      0.33%     94.58% |        6838      0.38%     94.96% |        6576      0.36%     95.32% |        6165      0.34%     95.66% |        6153      0.34%     96.01% |        6552      0.36%     96.37% |        6239      0.35%     96.71% |        4885      0.27%     96.99% |        6638      0.37%     97.35% |        6176      0.34%     97.70% |        6836      0.38%     98.07% |        5308      0.29%     98.37% |        6852      0.38%     98.75% |        7266      0.40%     99.15% |        6404      0.36%     99.51% |        8887      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1803404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4059438     97.03%     97.03% |           0      0.00%     97.03% |        3472      0.08%     97.11% |        4021      0.10%     97.21% |        4132      0.10%     97.30% |        4033      0.10%     97.40% |        4071      0.10%     97.50% |        3962      0.09%     97.59% |        3789      0.09%     97.68% |        5662      0.14%     97.82% |        3830      0.09%     97.91% |        3826      0.09%     98.00% |        3588      0.09%     98.09% |        4335      0.10%     98.19% |        4635      0.11%     98.30% |        3945      0.09%     98.40% |        3754      0.09%     98.49% |        4084      0.10%     98.58% |        3933      0.09%     98.68% |        3912      0.09%     98.77% |        4290      0.10%     98.87% |        4565      0.11%     98.98% |        3929      0.09%     99.08% |        3295      0.08%     99.16% |        4095      0.10%     99.25% |        4170      0.10%     99.35% |        5951      0.14%     99.50% |        3183      0.08%     99.57% |        4454      0.11%     99.68% |        4157      0.10%     99.78% |        4295      0.10%     99.88% |        5013      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4183819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         302      5.66%      5.66% |           0      0.00%      5.66% |         234      4.39%     10.05% |         103      1.93%     11.99% |         221      4.15%     16.13% |         126      2.36%     18.50% |         157      2.95%     21.44% |         111      2.08%     23.52% |         192      3.60%     27.12% |         191      3.58%     30.71% |         142      2.66%     33.37% |          98      1.84%     35.21% |         268      5.03%     40.24% |         103      1.93%     42.17% |         124      2.33%     44.49% |         152      2.85%     47.35% |          92      1.73%     49.07% |         174      3.26%     52.34% |         173      3.25%     55.58% |         166      3.11%     58.69% |         209      3.92%     62.61% |         139      2.61%     65.22% |         102      1.91%     67.14% |         160      3.00%     70.14% |         257      4.82%     74.96% |         176      3.30%     78.26% |         135      2.53%     80.79% |         247      4.63%     85.42% |         137      2.57%     87.99% |         180      3.38%     91.37% |         305      5.72%     97.09% |         155      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         5331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167734     53.50%     53.50% |           0      0.00%     53.50% |        4932      1.57%     55.07% |        4877      1.56%     56.63% |        5323      1.70%     58.33% |        4653      1.48%     59.81% |        4936      1.57%     61.38% |        4826      1.54%     62.92% |        4729      1.51%     64.43% |        5248      1.67%     66.11% |        4706      1.50%     67.61% |        4941      1.58%     69.18% |        4785      1.53%     70.71% |        4668      1.49%     72.20% |        4667      1.49%     73.69% |        5015      1.60%     75.29% |        4919      1.57%     76.86% |        4631      1.48%     78.33% |        4568      1.46%     79.79% |        5042      1.61%     81.40% |        5051      1.61%     83.01% |        5114      1.63%     84.64% |        4932      1.57%     86.21% |        5327      1.70%     87.91% |        4497      1.43%     89.35% |        4952      1.58%     90.93% |        5192      1.66%     92.58% |        5014      1.60%     94.18% |        4622      1.47%     95.66% |        4713      1.50%     97.16% |        4997      1.59%     98.75% |        3912      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       313523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10413      3.45%      3.45% |       11883      3.94%      7.39% |       10374      3.44%     10.84% |       12207      4.05%     14.88% |       11248      3.73%     18.61% |       11859      3.93%     22.55% |        8872      2.94%     25.49% |        7221      2.39%     27.88% |       11022      3.66%     31.54% |       10072      3.34%     34.88% |       10400      3.45%     38.33% |       10885      3.61%     41.94% |        9206      3.05%     44.99% |       10167      3.37%     48.37% |        9880      3.28%     51.64% |       11160      3.70%     55.34% |       10174      3.37%     58.72% |        9654      3.20%     61.92% |        8226      2.73%     64.65% |        8848      2.93%     67.58% |        9560      3.17%     70.75% |        8259      2.74%     73.49% |        9344      3.10%     76.59% |        9220      3.06%     79.65% |        6976      2.31%     81.96% |        9874      3.27%     85.24% |        9768      3.24%     88.48% |       11582      3.84%     92.32% |       10623      3.52%     95.84% |       12540      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       301517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        7821      3.68%      3.70% |        7750      3.65%      7.34% |        6903      3.25%     10.59% |        8255      3.89%     14.48% |        7621      3.59%     18.07% |        7843      3.69%     21.76% |        6472      3.05%     24.80% |        6014      2.83%     27.64% |        6892      3.24%     30.88% |        7020      3.30%     34.18% |        7103      3.34%     37.53% |        7668      3.61%     41.14% |        6641      3.13%     44.26% |        7297      3.43%     47.70% |        6212      2.92%     50.62% |        7165      3.37%     53.99% |        7591      3.57%     57.57% |        7313      3.44%     61.01% |        6577      3.10%     64.11% |        6108      2.88%     66.98% |        6889      3.24%     70.22% |        6400      3.01%     73.24% |        7037      3.31%     76.55% |        6395      3.01%     79.56% |        4706      2.22%     81.77% |        7057      3.32%     85.10% |        7470      3.52%     88.61% |        7983      3.76%     92.37% |        6703      3.16%     95.52% |        9507      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       212444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      3.86%      3.86% |          16      6.87%     10.73% |           3      1.29%     12.02% |           9      3.86%     15.88% |           8      3.43%     19.31% |           6      2.58%     21.89% |           6      2.58%     24.46% |           3      1.29%     25.75% |           7      3.00%     28.76% |          12      5.15%     33.91% |          13      5.58%     39.48% |          16      6.87%     46.35% |           5      2.15%     48.50% |           7      3.00%     51.50% |           9      3.86%     55.36% |           8      3.43%     58.80% |           7      3.00%     61.80% |           7      3.00%     64.81% |           9      3.86%     68.67% |          13      5.58%     74.25% |           4      1.72%     75.97% |           3      1.29%     77.25% |           3      1.29%     78.54% |           1      0.43%     78.97% |           4      1.72%     80.69% |          20      8.58%     89.27% |           6      2.58%     91.85% |           4      1.72%     93.56% |          12      5.15%     98.71% |           3      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141659     55.56%     55.56% |          10      0.00%     55.56% |        4032      1.58%     57.14% |        4195      1.65%     58.79% |        3975      1.56%     60.35% |        4420      1.73%     62.08% |        4030      1.58%     63.66% |        4105      1.61%     65.27% |        3640      1.43%     66.70% |        3373      1.32%     68.02% |        3621      1.42%     69.44% |        3764      1.48%     70.92% |        3623      1.42%     72.34% |        3961      1.55%     73.89% |        3477      1.36%     75.25% |        3540      1.39%     76.64% |        3781      1.48%     78.13% |        3756      1.47%     79.60% |        3551      1.39%     80.99% |        3768      1.48%     82.47% |        3594      1.41%     83.88% |        3459      1.36%     85.24% |        3826      1.50%     86.74% |        3543      1.39%     88.13% |        3636      1.43%     89.55% |        3653      1.43%     90.98% |        3334      1.31%     92.29% |        3652      1.43%     93.72% |        3608      1.42%     95.14% |        4222      1.66%     96.80% |        4065      1.59%     98.39% |        4107      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       254980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |        7829      3.24%      3.25% |        9026      3.74%      6.99% |        8709      3.60%     10.59% |        8978      3.72%     14.31% |        8377      3.47%     17.78% |        8929      3.70%     21.47% |        7401      3.06%     24.53% |        7331      3.03%     27.57% |        8196      3.39%     30.96% |        8178      3.38%     34.35% |        8317      3.44%     37.79% |        7995      3.31%     41.10% |        7985      3.31%     44.40% |        7999      3.31%     47.71% |        7706      3.19%     50.90% |        8433      3.49%     54.39% |        8195      3.39%     57.79% |        8146      3.37%     61.16% |        6977      2.89%     64.05% |        7476      3.09%     67.14% |        7658      3.17%     70.31% |        7399      3.06%     73.37% |        7669      3.17%     76.55% |        8249      3.41%     79.96% |        7385      3.06%     83.02% |        7845      3.25%     86.26% |        8007      3.31%     89.58% |        8768      3.63%     93.21% |        8105      3.35%     96.56% |        8306      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       241602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123353     56.01%     56.01% |           0      0.00%     56.01% |        3533      1.60%     57.62% |        3429      1.56%     59.18% |        3103      1.41%     60.58% |        3507      1.59%     62.18% |        3490      1.58%     63.76% |        3605      1.64%     65.40% |        3219      1.46%     66.86% |        2949      1.34%     68.20% |        3257      1.48%     69.68% |        3075      1.40%     71.08% |        3153      1.43%     72.51% |        3164      1.44%     73.94% |        3042      1.38%     75.32% |        3412      1.55%     76.87% |        3305      1.50%     78.38% |        3277      1.49%     79.86% |        2950      1.34%     81.20% |        3117      1.42%     82.62% |        3177      1.44%     84.06% |        3349      1.52%     85.58% |        3044      1.38%     86.96% |        3235      1.47%     88.43% |        2699      1.23%     89.66% |        3111      1.41%     91.07% |        2685      1.22%     92.29% |        3332      1.51%     93.80% |        3498      1.59%     95.39% |        3487      1.58%     96.98% |        3402      1.54%     98.52% |        3259      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       220218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         508      3.42%      3.42% |         446      3.00%      6.43% |         515      3.47%      9.89% |         634      4.27%     14.16% |         483      3.25%     17.42% |         576      3.88%     21.30% |         550      3.70%     25.00% |         524      3.53%     28.53% |         496      3.34%     31.87% |         371      2.50%     34.37% |         421      2.84%     37.21% |         520      3.50%     40.71% |         673      4.53%     45.24% |         298      2.01%     47.25% |         510      3.44%     50.68% |         499      3.36%     54.04% |         339      2.28%     56.33% |         502      3.38%     59.71% |         421      2.84%     62.54% |         361      2.43%     64.98% |         334      2.25%     67.23% |         414      2.79%     70.01% |         487      3.28%     73.29% |         418      2.82%     76.11% |         803      5.41%     81.52% |         470      3.17%     84.68% |         440      2.96%     87.65% |         610      4.11%     91.76% |         417      2.81%     94.56% |         807      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        14847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146871     28.04%     28.04% |           0      0.00%     28.04% |       13344      2.55%     30.59% |       13212      2.52%     33.11% |       12949      2.47%     35.58% |       12778      2.44%     38.02% |       12899      2.46%     40.48% |       13124      2.51%     42.99% |       11867      2.27%     45.25% |       11904      2.27%     47.53% |       12359      2.36%     49.89% |       12669      2.42%     52.30% |       12755      2.44%     54.74% |       12601      2.41%     57.14% |       12171      2.32%     59.47% |       13670      2.61%     62.08% |       11759      2.24%     64.32% |       12424      2.37%     66.69% |       12671      2.42%     69.11% |       12908      2.46%     71.58% |       12459      2.38%     73.96% |       12481      2.38%     76.34% |       12401      2.37%     78.71% |       12639      2.41%     81.12% |       12098      2.31%     83.43% |       11589      2.21%     85.64% |       10313      1.97%     87.61% |       13507      2.58%     90.19% |       12729      2.43%     92.62% |       12812      2.45%     95.06% |       12886      2.46%     97.52% |       12968      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       523817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         229      3.66%      3.66% |         206      3.29%      6.96% |         147      2.35%      9.31% |         214      3.42%     12.73% |         173      2.77%     15.49% |         179      2.86%     18.36% |         277      4.43%     22.79% |         215      3.44%     26.22% |         207      3.31%     29.53% |         146      2.33%     31.87% |         173      2.77%     34.63% |         196      3.13%     37.77% |         285      4.56%     42.32% |         106      1.69%     44.02% |         187      2.99%     47.01% |         181      2.89%     49.90% |         172      2.75%     52.65% |         264      4.22%     56.88% |         253      4.05%     60.92% |         155      2.48%     63.40% |         128      2.05%     65.45% |         188      3.01%     68.45% |         337      5.39%     73.84% |         176      2.81%     76.65% |         380      6.08%     82.73% |         217      3.47%     86.20% |         170      2.72%     88.92% |         242      3.87%     92.79% |         144      2.30%     95.09% |         307      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         6254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         298      2.91%      2.91% |         304      2.96%      5.87% |         312      3.04%      8.91% |         255      2.49%     11.40% |         237      2.31%     13.71% |         269      2.62%     16.34% |         355      3.46%     19.80% |         229      2.23%     22.03% |         364      3.55%     25.58% |         336      3.28%     28.86% |         326      3.18%     32.04% |         333      3.25%     35.29% |         526      5.13%     40.42% |         419      4.09%     44.50% |         349      3.40%     47.91% |         267      2.60%     50.51% |         425      4.15%     54.66% |         337      3.29%     57.94% |         413      4.03%     61.97% |         395      3.85%     65.82% |         333      3.25%     69.07% |         404      3.94%     73.01% |         431      4.20%     77.22% |         261      2.55%     79.76% |         313      3.05%     82.81% |         534      5.21%     88.02% |         275      2.68%     90.71% |         277      2.70%     93.41% |         378      3.69%     97.09% |         298      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total        10253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9167      3.46%      3.46% |       10676      4.03%      7.50% |        9062      3.42%     10.92% |       12331      4.66%     15.58% |       10445      3.95%     19.53% |       11086      4.19%     23.72% |        7321      2.77%     26.49% |        5758      2.18%     28.66% |        9770      3.69%     32.35% |        8657      3.27%     35.63% |        9053      3.42%     39.05% |        9976      3.77%     42.82% |        7670      2.90%     45.72% |        8249      3.12%     48.83% |        8633      3.26%     52.10% |       10380      3.92%     56.02% |        9061      3.42%     59.44% |        8285      3.13%     62.57% |        6617      2.50%     65.07% |        6594      2.49%     67.57% |        8081      3.05%     70.62% |        6493      2.45%     73.07% |        8005      3.03%     76.10% |        8158      3.08%     79.18% |        5756      2.18%     81.36% |        7765      2.93%     84.29% |        8616      3.26%     87.55% |       11140      4.21%     91.76% |        9029      3.41%     95.17% |       12784      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       264618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        8629      3.49%      3.50% |        9910      4.01%      7.51% |        8481      3.43%     10.94% |       11026      4.46%     15.41% |        9742      3.94%     19.35% |       10111      4.09%     23.44% |        7014      2.84%     26.28% |        5502      2.23%     28.51% |        8978      3.63%     32.14% |        8079      3.27%     35.41% |        8443      3.42%     38.83% |        9299      3.76%     42.59% |        7220      2.92%     45.51% |        7757      3.14%     48.65% |        7895      3.20%     51.85% |        9433      3.82%     55.66% |        8620      3.49%     59.15% |        7863      3.18%     62.34% |        6229      2.52%     64.86% |        6311      2.55%     67.41% |        7584      3.07%     70.48% |        6210      2.51%     72.99% |        7712      3.12%     76.12% |        7714      3.12%     79.24% |        5473      2.22%     81.45% |        7322      2.96%     84.42% |        8147      3.30%     87.71% |       10124      4.10%     91.81% |        8430      3.41%     95.22% |       11805      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       247082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      3.86%      3.86% |          16      6.87%     10.73% |           3      1.29%     12.02% |           9      3.86%     15.88% |           8      3.43%     19.31% |           6      2.58%     21.89% |           6      2.58%     24.46% |           3      1.29%     25.75% |           7      3.00%     28.76% |          12      5.15%     33.91% |          13      5.58%     39.48% |          16      6.87%     46.35% |           5      2.15%     48.50% |           7      3.00%     51.50% |           9      3.86%     55.36% |           8      3.43%     58.80% |           7      3.00%     61.80% |           7      3.00%     64.81% |           9      3.86%     68.67% |          13      5.58%     74.25% |           4      1.72%     75.97% |           3      1.29%     77.25% |           3      1.29%     78.54% |           1      0.43%     78.97% |           4      1.72%     80.69% |          20      8.58%     89.27% |           6      2.58%     91.85% |           4      1.72%     93.56% |          12      5.15%     98.71% |           3      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      6.38%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           5      5.32%     11.70% |           0      0.00%     11.70% |           1      1.06%     12.77% |           5      5.32%     18.09% |           1      1.06%     19.15% |           0      0.00%     19.15% |           1      1.06%     20.21% |           0      0.00%     20.21% |           6      6.38%     26.60% |          15     15.96%     42.55% |           5      5.32%     47.87% |           0      0.00%     47.87% |           5      5.32%     53.19% |           5      5.32%     58.51% |           6      6.38%     64.89% |           0      0.00%     64.89% |           0      0.00%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           0      0.00%     65.96% |           7      7.45%     73.40% |           6      6.38%     79.79% |           0      0.00%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           0      0.00%     82.98% |          10     10.64%     93.62% |           1      1.06%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           7     29.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.17%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |          10     41.67%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           3     12.50%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287520     62.43%     62.43% |           0      0.00%     62.43% |        6046      1.31%     63.75% |        5992      1.30%     65.05% |        6367      1.38%     66.43% |        5804      1.26%     67.69% |        6054      1.31%     69.00% |        5842      1.27%     70.27% |        5592      1.21%     71.49% |        6130      1.33%     72.82% |        5538      1.20%     74.02% |        5765      1.25%     75.27% |        5634      1.22%     76.50% |        5557      1.21%     77.70% |        5507      1.20%     78.90% |        5848      1.27%     80.17% |        5779      1.25%     81.42% |        5530      1.20%     82.62% |        5394      1.17%     83.79% |        5875      1.28%     85.07% |        5892      1.28%     86.35% |        5928      1.29%     87.64% |        5711      1.24%     88.88% |        6114      1.33%     90.20% |        5344      1.16%     91.36% |        5724      1.24%     92.61% |        5988      1.30%     93.91% |        5819      1.26%     95.17% |        5466      1.19%     96.36% |        5863      1.27%     97.63% |        6158      1.34%     98.97% |        4750      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       460531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      4.84%      4.84% |           2      1.61%      6.45% |           5      4.03%     10.48% |           1      0.81%     11.29% |           2      1.61%     12.90% |          12      9.68%     22.58% |           1      0.81%     23.39% |           2      1.61%     25.00% |           1      0.81%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           6      4.84%     30.65% |          15     12.10%     42.74% |           5      4.03%     46.77% |           0      0.00%     46.77% |           5      4.03%     50.81% |           5      4.03%     54.84% |           7      5.65%     60.48% |           0      0.00%     60.48% |           0      0.00%     60.48% |           1      0.81%     61.29% |          10      8.06%     69.35% |           7      5.65%     75.00% |           6      4.84%     79.84% |           1      0.81%     80.65% |           2      1.61%     82.26% |           1      0.81%     83.06% |           0      0.00%     83.06% |          10      8.06%     91.13% |           4      3.23%     94.35% |           7      5.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3825      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.18% |        3469      2.82%      9.00% |        3486      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.71% |        4039      3.28%     17.99% |        3711      3.02%     21.01% |        3292      2.68%     23.68% |        3532      2.87%     26.56% |        5121      4.16%     30.72% |        3877      3.15%     33.87% |        3780      3.07%     36.95% |        3539      2.88%     39.82% |        4264      3.47%     43.29% |        3860      3.14%     46.43% |        3762      3.06%     49.49% |        4074      3.31%     52.80% |        4103      3.34%     56.14% |        3601      2.93%     59.06% |        3280      2.67%     61.73% |        3060      2.49%     64.22% |        3640      2.96%     67.18% |        3490      2.84%     70.02% |        3380      2.75%     72.76% |        3601      2.93%     75.69% |        3624      2.95%     78.64% |        3241      2.64%     81.27% |        4529      3.68%     84.96% |        3909      3.18%     88.13% |        5148      4.19%     92.32% |        4998      4.06%     96.38% |        4448      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       122991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45132      7.42%      7.42% |       18900      3.11%     10.53% |       17930      2.95%     13.48% |       18625      3.06%     16.54% |       18141      2.98%     19.53% |       17764      2.92%     22.45% |       17591      2.89%     25.34% |       17450      2.87%     28.21% |       17718      2.91%     31.13% |       17994      2.96%     34.09% |       20057      3.30%     37.38% |       19562      3.22%     40.60% |       18530      3.05%     43.65% |       17989      2.96%     46.61% |       17224      2.83%     49.44% |       17531      2.88%     52.32% |       18617      3.06%     55.39% |       17914      2.95%     58.33% |       18073      2.97%     61.30% |       18100      2.98%     64.28% |       18063      2.97%     67.25% |       19347      3.18%     70.43% |       17731      2.92%     73.35% |       17475      2.87%     76.22% |       17886      2.94%     79.17% |       18165      2.99%     82.15% |       17714      2.91%     85.07% |       17232      2.83%     87.90% |       17842      2.93%     90.84% |       17353      2.85%     93.69% |       18012      2.96%     96.65% |       20352      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       608014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       19221      3.49%      3.49% |       17234      3.13%      6.61% |       17045      3.09%      9.71% |       17191      3.12%     12.83% |       17242      3.13%     15.95% |       16904      3.07%     19.02% |       16786      3.05%     22.07% |       16814      3.05%     25.12% |       17142      3.11%     28.23% |       16993      3.08%     31.31% |       16875      3.06%     34.37% |       17599      3.19%     37.56% |       17028      3.09%     40.65% |       16861      3.06%     43.71% |       16817      3.05%     46.76% |       16894      3.07%     49.83% |       17142      3.11%     52.94% |       16844      3.06%     55.99% |       17121      3.11%     59.10% |       17108      3.10%     62.20% |       17265      3.13%     65.34% |       18036      3.27%     68.61% |       17060      3.10%     71.70% |       17094      3.10%     74.80% |       17460      3.17%     77.97% |       17183      3.12%     81.09% |       17164      3.11%     84.20% |       17593      3.19%     87.40% |       17150      3.11%     90.51% |       17162      3.11%     93.62% |       17661      3.20%     96.82% |       17501      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       551190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        7656      3.13%      3.13% |        7638      3.12%      6.25% |        7576      3.10%      9.35% |        7570      3.09%     12.44% |        7740      3.16%     15.60% |        7651      3.13%     18.73% |        7638      3.12%     21.85% |        7537      3.08%     24.93% |        7775      3.18%     28.11% |        7529      3.08%     31.19% |        7681      3.14%     34.33% |        7562      3.09%     37.42% |        7824      3.20%     40.62% |        7594      3.10%     43.72% |        7568      3.09%     46.81% |        7593      3.10%     49.92% |        7718      3.15%     53.07% |        7604      3.11%     56.18% |        7571      3.09%     59.27% |        7712      3.15%     62.42% |        7789      3.18%     65.61% |        7662      3.13%     68.74% |        7622      3.12%     71.85% |        7585      3.10%     74.95% |        7877      3.22%     78.17% |        7604      3.11%     81.28% |        7605      3.11%     84.39% |        7587      3.10%     87.49% |        7793      3.19%     90.68% |        7620      3.11%     93.79% |        7623      3.12%     96.91% |        7570      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       244674                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42312      9.19%      9.19% |       14438      3.13%     12.32% |       13125      2.85%     15.17% |       14041      3.05%     18.22% |       13287      2.88%     21.10% |       12904      2.80%     23.91% |       12525      2.72%     26.63% |       12561      2.73%     29.35% |       12815      2.78%     32.14% |       13331      2.89%     35.03% |       15073      3.27%     38.30% |       15379      3.34%     41.64% |       13498      2.93%     44.57% |       13113      2.85%     47.42% |       12275      2.67%     50.09% |       12654      2.75%     52.83% |       13652      2.96%     55.80% |       13151      2.86%     58.65% |       13490      2.93%     61.58% |       13511      2.93%     64.51% |       13189      2.86%     67.38% |       15583      3.38%     70.76% |       13058      2.84%     73.60% |       12741      2.77%     76.36% |       13233      2.87%     79.24% |       13574      2.95%     82.18% |       13106      2.85%     85.03% |       13067      2.84%     87.87% |       12997      2.82%     90.69% |       12772      2.77%     93.46% |       13896      3.02%     96.48% |       16219      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       460570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          12      6.63%      6.63% |          12      6.63%     13.26% |           6      3.31%     16.57% |           7      3.87%     20.44% |           2      1.10%     21.55% |           4      2.21%     23.76% |           5      2.76%     26.52% |           5      2.76%     29.28% |           5      2.76%     32.04% |           5      2.76%     34.81% |          11      6.08%     40.88% |           9      4.97%     45.86% |           4      2.21%     48.07% |           2      1.10%     49.17% |           4      2.21%     51.38% |          11      6.08%     57.46% |           6      3.31%     60.77% |           2      1.10%     61.88% |           2      1.10%     62.98% |           8      4.42%     67.40% |           6      3.31%     70.72% |           3      1.66%     72.38% |           2      1.10%     73.48% |           2      1.10%     74.59% |           8      4.42%     79.01% |           6      3.31%     82.32% |           4      2.21%     84.53% |           8      4.42%     88.95% |          10      5.52%     94.48% |           4      2.21%     96.69% |           3      1.66%     98.34% |           3      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        7884      3.68%      3.68% |        6641      3.10%      6.77% |        6683      3.12%      9.89% |        6641      3.10%     12.99% |        6661      3.11%     16.10% |        6645      3.10%     19.19% |        6632      3.09%     22.29% |        6634      3.09%     25.38% |        6707      3.13%     28.51% |        6669      3.11%     31.62% |        6688      3.12%     34.74% |        6666      3.11%     37.85% |        6695      3.12%     40.97% |        6677      3.11%     44.09% |        6667      3.11%     47.20% |        6643      3.10%     50.29% |        6740      3.14%     53.44% |        6679      3.12%     56.55% |        6689      3.12%     59.67% |        6678      3.11%     62.79% |        6707      3.13%     65.92% |        6689      3.12%     69.03% |        6666      3.11%     72.14% |        6634      3.09%     75.24% |        6683      3.12%     78.36% |        6644      3.10%     81.45% |        6630      3.09%     84.55% |        6610      3.08%     87.63% |        6662      3.11%     90.74% |        6614      3.08%     93.82% |        6629      3.09%     96.91% |        6619      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       214406                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1937      3.37%      3.37% |        1855      3.23%      6.61% |        1868      3.25%      9.86% |        1824      3.18%     13.04% |        1784      3.11%     16.14% |        1806      3.15%     19.29% |        1815      3.16%     22.45% |        1803      3.14%     25.59% |        1758      3.06%     28.66% |        1842      3.21%     31.86% |        1841      3.21%     35.07% |        1787      3.11%     38.18% |        1792      3.12%     41.31% |        1822      3.17%     44.48% |        1838      3.20%     47.68% |        1784      3.11%     50.79% |        1734      3.02%     53.81% |        1764      3.07%     56.88% |        1757      3.06%     59.94% |        1752      3.05%     63.00% |        1722      3.00%     66.00% |        1784      3.11%     69.10% |        1761      3.07%     72.17% |        1753      3.05%     75.23% |        1758      3.06%     78.29% |        1824      3.18%     81.47% |        1816      3.16%     84.63% |        1776      3.09%     87.72% |        1751      3.05%     90.77% |        1770      3.08%     93.86% |        1767      3.08%     96.93% |        1760      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        57405                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10937      3.58%      3.58% |        9545      3.13%      6.71% |        9599      3.14%      9.85% |        9513      3.11%     12.96% |        9493      3.11%     16.07% |        9499      3.11%     19.18% |        9495      3.11%     22.29% |        9485      3.11%     25.40% |        9513      3.11%     28.51% |        9559      3.13%     31.64% |        9576      3.14%     34.78% |        9500      3.11%     37.89% |        9534      3.12%     41.01% |        9546      3.13%     44.14% |        9552      3.13%     47.26% |        9474      3.10%     50.37% |        9521      3.12%     53.48% |        9491      3.11%     56.59% |        9494      3.11%     59.70% |        9478      3.10%     62.80% |        9477      3.10%     65.91% |        9522      3.12%     69.02% |        9475      3.10%     72.13% |        9434      3.09%     75.21% |        9489      3.11%     78.32% |        9517      3.12%     81.44% |        9495      3.11%     84.55% |        9432      3.09%     87.63% |        9460      3.10%     90.73% |        9432      3.09%     93.82% |        9445      3.09%     96.91% |        9428      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9913      3.64%      3.64% |        8521      3.13%      6.76% |        8575      3.15%      9.91% |        8489      3.11%     13.02% |        8469      3.11%     16.13% |        8475      3.11%     19.23% |        8471      3.11%     22.34% |        8461      3.10%     25.45% |        8489      3.11%     28.56% |        8535      3.13%     31.69% |        8552      3.14%     34.83% |        8476      3.11%     37.93% |        8510      3.12%     41.06% |        8522      3.13%     44.18% |        8528      3.13%     47.31% |        8450      3.10%     50.41% |        8497      3.12%     53.53% |        8467      3.11%     56.63% |        8470      3.11%     59.74% |        8454      3.10%     62.84% |        8453      3.10%     65.94% |        8498      3.12%     69.06% |        8451      3.10%     72.16% |        8410      3.08%     75.24% |        8465      3.10%     78.34% |        8493      3.12%     81.46% |        8471      3.11%     84.57% |        8408      3.08%     87.65% |        8436      3.09%     90.75% |        8408      3.08%     93.83% |        8421      3.09%     96.92% |        8404      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       272642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6893      3.16%      3.16% |        6819      3.13%      6.29% |        6788      3.12%      9.41% |        6771      3.11%     12.52% |        6881      3.16%     15.67% |        6801      3.12%     18.80% |        6830      3.13%     21.93% |        6782      3.11%     25.04% |        6889      3.16%     28.20% |        6714      3.08%     31.29% |        6832      3.14%     34.42% |        6758      3.10%     37.52% |        6936      3.18%     40.71% |        6750      3.10%     43.80% |        6723      3.09%     46.89% |        6785      3.11%     50.00% |        6914      3.17%     53.18% |        6787      3.11%     56.29% |        6681      3.07%     59.36% |        6795      3.12%     62.48% |        6872      3.15%     65.63% |        6819      3.13%     68.76% |        6736      3.09%     71.85% |        6711      3.08%     74.93% |        6932      3.18%     78.11% |        6796      3.12%     81.23% |        6780      3.11%     84.34% |        6727      3.09%     87.43% |        6939      3.18%     90.61% |        6823      3.13%     93.75% |        6837      3.14%     96.88% |        6792      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       217893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         919      3.15%      3.15% |         903      3.10%      6.25% |         916      3.14%      9.40% |         925      3.17%     12.57% |         918      3.15%     15.72% |         907      3.11%     18.84% |         899      3.09%     21.92% |         926      3.18%     25.10% |         946      3.25%     28.35% |         885      3.04%     31.39% |         921      3.16%     34.55% |         911      3.13%     37.67% |         909      3.12%     40.79% |         899      3.09%     43.88% |         902      3.10%     46.98% |         865      2.97%     49.95% |         918      3.15%     53.10% |         920      3.16%     56.25% |         889      3.05%     59.31% |         886      3.04%     62.35% |         910      3.12%     65.47% |         905      3.11%     68.58% |         911      3.13%     71.70% |         885      3.04%     74.74% |         883      3.03%     77.77% |         920      3.16%     80.93% |         906      3.11%     84.04% |         903      3.10%     87.14% |         929      3.19%     90.33% |         927      3.18%     93.51% |         946      3.25%     96.76% |         945      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        29134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1297      3.08%      3.08% |        1304      3.09%      6.17% |        1339      3.18%      9.35% |        1326      3.15%     12.49% |        1330      3.16%     15.65% |        1328      3.15%     18.80% |        1340      3.18%     21.98% |        1339      3.18%     25.16% |        1336      3.17%     28.33% |        1341      3.18%     31.51% |        1338      3.17%     34.68% |        1327      3.15%     37.83% |        1318      3.13%     40.96% |        1326      3.15%     44.10% |        1337      3.17%     47.28% |        1324      3.14%     50.42% |        1328      3.15%     53.57% |        1323      3.14%     56.71% |        1312      3.11%     59.82% |        1301      3.09%     62.91% |        1293      3.07%     65.97% |        1294      3.07%     69.04% |        1311      3.11%     72.15% |        1303      3.09%     75.24% |        1313      3.12%     78.36% |        1304      3.09%     81.45% |        1315      3.12%     84.57% |        1293      3.07%     87.64% |        1302      3.09%     90.73% |        1296      3.07%     93.81% |        1306      3.10%     96.90% |        1305      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        42149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         521      3.31%      3.31% |         475      3.02%      6.34% |         475      3.02%      9.36% |         464      2.95%     12.31% |         476      3.03%     15.34% |         486      3.09%     18.43% |         479      3.05%     21.48% |         478      3.04%     24.52% |         486      3.09%     27.61% |         494      3.14%     30.75% |         510      3.24%     33.99% |         496      3.16%     37.15% |         517      3.29%     40.44% |         520      3.31%     43.75% |         524      3.33%     47.08% |         506      3.22%     50.30% |         511      3.25%     53.55% |         500      3.18%     56.73% |         495      3.15%     59.88% |         472      3.00%     62.88% |         470      2.99%     65.87% |         496      3.16%     69.03% |         474      3.02%     72.04% |         471      3.00%     75.04% |         501      3.19%     78.23% |         502      3.19%     81.42% |         511      3.25%     84.67% |         480      3.05%     87.72% |         478      3.04%     90.76% |         481      3.06%     93.82% |         490      3.12%     96.94% |         481      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7595      3.14%      3.14% |        7528      3.12%      6.26% |        7526      3.12%      9.37% |        7511      3.11%     12.48% |        7643      3.16%     15.65% |        7535      3.12%     18.77% |        7554      3.13%     21.89% |        7526      3.12%     25.01% |        7703      3.19%     28.20% |        7421      3.07%     31.27% |        7570      3.13%     34.40% |        7498      3.10%     37.50% |        7702      3.19%     40.69% |        7490      3.10%     43.79% |        7462      3.09%     46.88% |        7477      3.09%     49.98% |        7703      3.19%     53.16% |        7561      3.13%     56.29% |        7419      3.07%     59.36% |        7520      3.11%     62.48% |        7650      3.17%     65.64% |        7545      3.12%     68.77% |        7475      3.09%     71.86% |        7419      3.07%     74.93% |        7670      3.17%     78.10% |        7531      3.12%     81.22% |        7501      3.10%     84.33% |        7434      3.08%     87.40% |        7712      3.19%     90.60% |        7564      3.13%     93.73% |        7602      3.15%     96.87% |        7555      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       241602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60268      5.87%      5.87% |       32050      3.12%      9.00% |       30770      3.00%     12.00% |       31653      3.09%     15.08% |       31168      3.04%     18.12% |       30493      2.97%     21.09% |       30126      2.94%     24.03% |       30161      2.94%     26.97% |       30670      2.99%     29.96% |       30854      3.01%     32.97% |       32659      3.18%     36.15% |       32994      3.22%     39.37% |       31367      3.06%     42.43% |       30707      2.99%     45.42% |       29813      2.91%     48.32% |       30224      2.95%     51.27% |       31546      3.08%     54.35% |       30710      2.99%     57.34% |       31020      3.02%     60.36% |       31029      3.02%     63.39% |       31076      3.03%     66.42% |       33198      3.24%     69.65% |       30637      2.99%     72.64% |       30310      2.95%     75.59% |       31060      3.03%     78.62% |       31205      3.04%     81.66% |       30716      2.99%     84.66% |       30657      2.99%     87.65% |       30875      3.01%     90.66% |       30424      2.97%     93.62% |       31559      3.08%     96.70% |       33880      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1025879                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         409      3.29%      3.29% |         374      3.01%      6.30% |         375      3.02%      9.32% |         371      2.99%     12.31% |         382      3.07%     15.38% |         379      3.05%     18.43% |         379      3.05%     21.48% |         383      3.08%     24.57% |         386      3.11%     27.67% |         396      3.19%     30.86% |         404      3.25%     34.11% |         395      3.18%     37.29% |         413      3.32%     40.62% |         412      3.32%     43.93% |         417      3.36%     47.29% |         402      3.24%     50.53% |         405      3.26%     53.79% |         395      3.18%     56.97% |         388      3.12%     60.09% |         369      2.97%     63.06% |         361      2.91%     65.97% |         383      3.08%     69.05% |         368      2.96%     72.01% |         366      2.95%     74.96% |         397      3.20%     78.15% |         400      3.22%     81.37% |         409      3.29%     84.67% |         383      3.08%     87.75% |         383      3.08%     90.83% |         379      3.05%     93.88% |         390      3.14%     97.02% |         370      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5258      4.13%      4.13% |        4001      3.14%      7.27% |        4052      3.18%     10.45% |        3967      3.12%     13.57% |        3952      3.10%     16.67% |        3947      3.10%     19.77% |        3957      3.11%     22.88% |        3947      3.10%     25.98% |        3953      3.10%     29.09% |        3981      3.13%     32.21% |        4003      3.14%     35.36% |        3914      3.07%     38.43% |        3938      3.09%     41.52% |        3952      3.10%     44.63% |        3959      3.11%     47.74% |        3909      3.07%     50.81% |        3938      3.09%     53.90% |        3917      3.08%     56.98% |        3925      3.08%     60.06% |        3930      3.09%     63.15% |        3936      3.09%     66.24% |        3941      3.10%     69.33% |        3935      3.09%     72.42% |        3897      3.06%     75.49% |        3917      3.08%     78.56% |        3939      3.09%     81.66% |        3905      3.07%     84.72% |        3886      3.05%     87.77% |        3908      3.07%     90.84% |        3883      3.05%     93.89% |        3873      3.04%     96.94% |        3901      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5270      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5172      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5159      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5174      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.51% |        5183      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.14% |        5179      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5171      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.40% |        5164      3.12%     87.52% |        5169      3.12%     90.64% |        5170      3.12%     93.76% |        5182      3.13%     96.89% |        5157      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           6      6.98%      6.98% |           6      6.98%     13.95% |           3      3.49%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           1      1.16%     23.26% |           2      2.33%     25.58% |           2      2.33%     27.91% |           2      2.33%     30.23% |           2      2.33%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           6      6.98%     41.86% |           4      4.65%     46.51% |           2      2.33%     48.84% |           1      1.16%     50.00% |           2      2.33%     52.33% |           5      5.81%     58.14% |           3      3.49%     61.63% |           1      1.16%     62.79% |           0      0.00%     62.79% |           4      4.65%     67.44% |           3      3.49%     70.93% |           2      2.33%     73.26% |           1      1.16%     74.42% |           1      1.16%     75.58% |           3      3.49%     79.07% |           3      3.49%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           3      3.49%     88.37% |           5      5.81%     94.19% |           2      2.33%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3089      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4723      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110477                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2510      3.15%      3.15% |        2485      3.12%      6.27% |        2526      3.17%      9.45% |        2505      3.15%     12.59% |        2544      3.20%     15.79% |        2575      3.23%     19.02% |        2590      3.25%     22.28% |        2467      3.10%     25.38% |        2500      3.14%     28.52% |        2467      3.10%     31.61% |        2564      3.22%     34.84% |        2429      3.05%     37.89% |        2476      3.11%     41.00% |        2457      3.09%     44.08% |        2534      3.18%     47.27% |        2489      3.13%     50.39% |        2524      3.17%     53.56% |        2456      3.09%     56.65% |        2535      3.18%     59.83% |        2461      3.09%     62.92% |        2439      3.06%     65.99% |        2432      3.05%     69.04% |        2449      3.08%     72.12% |        2452      3.08%     75.20% |        2489      3.13%     78.32% |        2447      3.07%     81.40% |        2478      3.11%     84.51% |        2450      3.08%     87.59% |        2493      3.13%     90.72% |        2433      3.06%     93.78% |        2508      3.15%     96.93% |        2447      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        79611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         486      3.06%      3.06% |         487      3.06%      6.12% |         523      3.29%      9.41% |         497      3.13%     12.54% |         491      3.09%     15.63% |         486      3.06%     18.68% |         534      3.36%     22.04% |         512      3.22%     25.26% |         474      2.98%     28.25% |         491      3.09%     31.33% |         483      3.04%     34.37% |         536      3.37%     37.75% |         496      3.12%     40.87% |         481      3.03%     43.89% |         499      3.14%     47.03% |         503      3.16%     50.20% |         524      3.30%     53.49% |         486      3.06%     56.55% |         475      2.99%     59.54% |         487      3.06%     62.60% |         517      3.25%     65.85% |         491      3.09%     68.94% |         470      2.96%     71.90% |         489      3.08%     74.97% |         509      3.20%     78.18% |         524      3.30%     81.47% |         476      2.99%     84.47% |         487      3.06%     87.53% |         494      3.11%     90.64% |         527      3.32%     93.95% |         497      3.13%     97.08% |         464      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        15896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        7313      3.15%      3.15% |        7250      3.12%      6.27% |        7205      3.10%      9.37% |        7208      3.10%     12.48% |        7351      3.17%     15.64% |        7254      3.12%     18.77% |        7230      3.11%     21.88% |        7204      3.10%     24.98% |        7396      3.18%     28.17% |        7161      3.08%     31.25% |        7272      3.13%     34.38% |        7165      3.09%     37.47% |        7418      3.19%     40.66% |        7220      3.11%     43.77% |        7177      3.09%     46.86% |        7212      3.11%     49.96% |        7376      3.18%     53.14% |        7270      3.13%     56.27% |        7178      3.09%     59.36% |        7258      3.13%     62.49% |        7335      3.16%     65.65% |        7271      3.13%     68.78% |        7208      3.10%     71.88% |        7159      3.08%     74.96% |        7385      3.18%     78.14% |        7200      3.10%     81.24% |        7234      3.11%     84.36% |        7157      3.08%     87.44% |        7407      3.19%     90.63% |        7220      3.11%     93.74% |        7283      3.14%     96.87% |        7258      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       232235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           2     10.53%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.28%      3.28% |         432      3.03%      6.30% |         422      2.96%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.09%     15.37% |         439      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.07%     21.52% |         442      3.10%     24.62% |         445      3.12%     27.74% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.07% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.58% |         472      3.31%     43.89% |         475      3.33%     47.22% |         460      3.23%     50.45% |         463      3.25%     53.69% |         453      3.18%     56.87% |         448      3.14%     60.01% |         424      2.97%     62.98% |         417      2.92%     65.91% |         437      3.06%     68.97% |         427      2.99%     71.97% |         426      2.99%     74.96% |         458      3.21%     78.17% |         459      3.22%     81.39% |         468      3.28%     84.67% |         439      3.08%     87.75% |         437      3.06%     90.81% |         436      3.06%     93.87% |         446      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29079     21.37%     21.37% |        4180      3.07%     24.45% |        3108      2.28%     26.73% |        3932      2.89%     29.62% |        3271      2.40%     32.03% |        3010      2.21%     34.24% |        2785      2.05%     36.29% |        2802      2.06%     38.35% |        2847      2.09%     40.44% |        3402      2.50%     42.94% |        5158      3.79%     46.73% |        4988      3.67%     50.40% |        3638      2.67%     53.07% |        3345      2.46%     55.53% |        2535      1.86%     57.39% |        2893      2.13%     59.52% |        3725      2.74%     62.26% |        3302      2.43%     64.68% |        3455      2.54%     67.22% |        3415      2.51%     69.73% |        3258      2.39%     72.13% |        4637      3.41%     75.54% |        3106      2.28%     77.82% |        2870      2.11%     79.93% |        3041      2.24%     82.17% |        3541      2.60%     84.77% |        3085      2.27%     87.04% |        2700      1.98%     89.02% |        3027      2.22%     91.25% |        2779      2.04%     93.29% |        3333      2.45%     95.74% |        5798      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       136045                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3516      6.33%      6.33% |        1856      3.34%      9.67% |        1544      2.78%     12.44% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1637      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1377      2.48%     23.72% |        1416      2.55%     26.27% |        1552      2.79%     29.06% |        1524      2.74%     31.81% |        1513      2.72%     34.53% |        2036      3.66%     38.19% |        1461      2.63%     40.82% |        1380      2.48%     43.30% |        1352      2.43%     45.74% |        1444      2.60%     48.33% |        1525      2.74%     51.08% |        1483      2.67%     53.75% |        1653      2.97%     56.72% |        1730      3.11%     59.83% |        1538      2.77%     62.60% |        2585      4.65%     67.25% |        1603      2.88%     70.14% |        1561      2.81%     72.95% |        1823      3.28%     76.23% |        1681      3.02%     79.25% |        1701      3.06%     82.31% |        2090      3.76%     86.07% |        1625      2.92%     89.00% |        1708      3.07%     92.07% |        2272      4.09%     96.16% |        2136      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        7856      3.67%      3.67% |        6620      3.10%      6.77% |        6654      3.11%      9.88% |        6630      3.10%     12.98% |        6637      3.10%     16.08% |        6629      3.10%     19.18% |        6620      3.10%     22.28% |        6621      3.10%     25.38% |        6687      3.13%     28.50% |        6650      3.11%     31.61% |        6655      3.11%     34.72% |        6652      3.11%     37.83% |        6669      3.12%     40.95% |        6668      3.12%     44.07% |        6655      3.11%     47.18% |        6630      3.10%     50.28% |        6705      3.14%     53.42% |        6672      3.12%     56.54% |        6677      3.12%     59.66% |        6665      3.12%     62.78% |        6688      3.13%     65.90% |        6674      3.12%     69.02% |        6656      3.11%     72.14% |        6624      3.10%     75.23% |        6662      3.12%     78.35% |        6632      3.10%     81.45% |        6618      3.09%     84.54% |        6595      3.08%     87.63% |        6638      3.10%     90.73% |        6597      3.08%     93.82% |        6617      3.09%     96.91% |        6607      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213860                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1283      3.48%      3.48% |        1207      3.27%      6.75% |        1244      3.37%     10.13% |        1186      3.22%     13.35% |        1176      3.19%     16.54% |        1163      3.16%     19.69% |        1173      3.18%     22.87% |        1156      3.14%     26.01% |        1160      3.15%     29.16% |        1189      3.23%     32.38% |        1181      3.20%     35.59% |        1134      3.08%     38.66% |        1158      3.14%     41.80% |        1152      3.13%     44.93% |        1163      3.16%     48.08% |        1118      3.03%     51.12% |        1129      3.06%     54.18% |        1125      3.05%     57.23% |        1123      3.05%     60.28% |        1132      3.07%     63.35% |        1139      3.09%     66.44% |        1124      3.05%     69.49% |        1125      3.05%     72.54% |        1115      3.02%     75.57% |        1133      3.07%     78.64% |        1149      3.12%     81.76% |        1132      3.07%     84.83% |        1115      3.02%     87.85% |        1141      3.10%     90.95% |        1120      3.04%     93.99% |        1108      3.01%     96.99% |        1109      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        36862                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7595      3.14%      3.14% |        7528      3.12%      6.26% |        7526      3.12%      9.37% |        7511      3.11%     12.48% |        7643      3.16%     15.65% |        7535      3.12%     18.77% |        7554      3.13%     21.89% |        7526      3.12%     25.01% |        7703      3.19%     28.20% |        7421      3.07%     31.27% |        7570      3.13%     34.40% |        7498      3.10%     37.50% |        7702      3.19%     40.69% |        7490      3.10%     43.79% |        7462      3.09%     46.88% |        7477      3.09%     49.98% |        7703      3.19%     53.16% |        7561      3.13%     56.29% |        7419      3.07%     59.36% |        7520      3.11%     62.48% |        7650      3.17%     65.64% |        7545      3.12%     68.77% |        7475      3.09%     71.86% |        7419      3.07%     74.93% |        7670      3.17%     78.10% |        7531      3.12%     81.22% |        7501      3.10%     84.33% |        7434      3.08%     87.40% |        7712      3.19%     90.60% |        7564      3.13%     93.73% |        7602      3.15%     96.87% |        7555      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       241602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        9606      3.19%      3.19% |        9369      3.11%      6.29% |        9423      3.13%      9.42% |        9402      3.12%     12.54% |        9565      3.17%     15.71% |        9353      3.10%     18.81% |        9355      3.10%     21.91% |        9377      3.11%     25.02% |        9502      3.15%     28.17% |        9403      3.12%     31.29% |        9308      3.09%     34.38% |        9427      3.13%     37.51% |        9503      3.15%     40.66% |        9419      3.12%     43.78% |        9387      3.11%     46.89% |        9399      3.12%     50.01% |        9537      3.16%     53.18% |        9327      3.09%     56.27% |        9436      3.13%     59.40% |        9311      3.09%     62.49% |        9572      3.17%     65.66% |        9350      3.10%     68.76% |        9404      3.12%     71.88% |        9450      3.13%     75.01% |        9491      3.15%     78.16% |        9393      3.12%     81.28% |        9400      3.12%     84.39% |        9441      3.13%     87.53% |        9489      3.15%     90.67% |        9378      3.11%     93.78% |        9355      3.10%     96.89% |        9391      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       301523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42312      9.19%      9.19% |       14436      3.13%     12.32% |       13121      2.85%     15.17% |       14040      3.05%     18.22% |       13287      2.89%     21.11% |       12904      2.80%     23.91% |       12523      2.72%     26.63% |       12560      2.73%     29.35% |       12812      2.78%     32.14% |       13331      2.89%     35.03% |       15073      3.27%     38.30% |       15377      3.34%     41.64% |       13497      2.93%     44.57% |       13113      2.85%     47.42% |       12275      2.67%     50.09% |       12651      2.75%     52.83% |       13651      2.96%     55.80% |       13150      2.86%     58.65% |       13488      2.93%     61.58% |       13510      2.93%     64.51% |       13187      2.86%     67.38% |       15582      3.38%     70.76% |       13057      2.84%     73.60% |       12739      2.77%     76.36% |       13231      2.87%     79.24% |       13573      2.95%     82.18% |       13106      2.85%     85.03% |       13065      2.84%     87.87% |       12997      2.82%     90.69% |       12770      2.77%     93.46% |       13895      3.02%     96.48% |       16218      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       460531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          27      5.62%      5.62% |          19      3.96%      9.58% |          18      3.75%     13.33% |          10      2.08%     15.42% |          24      5.00%     20.42% |          13      2.71%     23.12% |           9      1.88%     25.00% |          10      2.08%     27.08% |          18      3.75%     30.83% |          16      3.33%     34.17% |          15      3.12%     37.29% |          13      2.71%     40.00% |          24      5.00%     45.00% |           7      1.46%     46.46% |           9      1.88%     48.33% |          11      2.29%     50.62% |          33      6.88%     57.50% |           6      1.25%     58.75% |          11      2.29%     61.04% |          12      2.50%     63.54% |          18      3.75%     67.29% |          14      2.92%     70.21% |          10      2.08%     72.29% |          10      2.08%     74.38% |          21      4.38%     78.75% |          12      2.50%     81.25% |          12      2.50%     83.75% |          15      3.12%     86.88% |          23      4.79%     91.67% |          16      3.33%     95.00% |          12      2.50%     97.50% |          12      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         187      2.98%      2.98% |         216      3.44%      6.41% |         202      3.21%      9.63% |         209      3.33%     12.95% |         167      2.66%     15.61% |         204      3.25%     18.86% |         204      3.25%     22.10% |         205      3.26%     25.37% |         153      2.43%     27.80% |         200      3.18%     30.98% |         210      3.34%     34.33% |         198      3.15%     37.48% |         161      2.56%     40.04% |         198      3.15%     43.19% |         200      3.18%     46.37% |         206      3.28%     49.65% |         142      2.26%     51.91% |         186      2.96%     54.87% |         186      2.96%     57.83% |         196      3.12%     60.95% |         166      2.64%     63.59% |         223      3.55%     67.14% |         209      3.33%     70.46% |         212      3.37%     73.84% |         167      2.66%     76.50% |         216      3.44%     79.93% |         216      3.44%     83.37% |         222      3.53%     86.90% |         173      2.75%     89.66% |         214      3.41%     93.06% |         213      3.39%     96.45% |         223      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9913      3.64%      3.64% |        8521      3.13%      6.76% |        8575      3.15%      9.91% |        8489      3.11%     13.02% |        8469      3.11%     16.13% |        8475      3.11%     19.23% |        8471      3.11%     22.34% |        8461      3.10%     25.45% |        8489      3.11%     28.56% |        8535      3.13%     31.69% |        8552      3.14%     34.83% |        8476      3.11%     37.93% |        8510      3.12%     41.06% |        8522      3.13%     44.18% |        8528      3.13%     47.31% |        8450      3.10%     50.41% |        8497      3.12%     53.53% |        8467      3.11%     56.63% |        8470      3.11%     59.74% |        8454      3.10%     62.84% |        8453      3.10%     65.94% |        8498      3.12%     69.06% |        8451      3.10%     72.16% |        8410      3.08%     75.24% |        8465      3.10%     78.34% |        8493      3.12%     81.46% |        8471      3.11%     84.57% |        8408      3.08%     87.65% |        8436      3.09%     90.75% |        8408      3.08%     93.83% |        8421      3.09%     96.92% |        8404      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       272642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           2      8.70%     30.43% |           2      8.70%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           2      8.70%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           2      8.70%     69.57% |           2      8.70%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          79     15.99%     15.99% |          17      3.44%     19.43% |          16      3.24%     22.67% |          10      2.02%     24.70% |          22      4.45%     29.15% |           8      1.62%     30.77% |           9      1.82%     32.59% |          10      2.02%     34.62% |          16      3.24%     37.85% |          14      2.83%     40.69% |          14      2.83%     43.52% |          11      2.23%     45.75% |          23      4.66%     50.40% |           6      1.21%     51.62% |           8      1.62%     53.24% |          10      2.02%     55.26% |          32      6.48%     61.74% |           6      1.21%     62.96% |          10      2.02%     64.98% |          11      2.23%     67.21% |          17      3.44%     70.65% |          10      2.02%     72.67% |           9      1.82%     74.49% |           9      1.82%     76.32% |          20      4.05%     80.36% |          11      2.23%     82.59% |           9      1.82%     84.41% |          15      3.04%     87.45% |          23      4.66%     92.11% |          16      3.24%     95.34% |          12      2.43%     97.77% |          11      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      9.52%      9.52% |           2      4.76%     14.29% |           2      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           5     11.90%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2      4.76%     40.48% |           2      4.76%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           2      4.76%     52.38% |           1      2.38%     54.76% |           1      2.38%     57.14% |           1      2.38%     59.52% |           1      2.38%     61.90% |           1      2.38%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      2.38%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           4      9.52%     80.95% |           1      2.38%     83.33% |           1      2.38%     85.71% |           1      2.38%     88.10% |           1      2.38%     90.48% |           3      7.14%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           1      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4      7.27%      7.27% |           5      9.09%     16.36% |           2      3.64%     20.00% |           3      5.45%     25.45% |           1      1.82%     27.27% |           2      3.64%     30.91% |           1      1.82%     32.73% |           0      0.00%     32.73% |           0      0.00%     32.73% |           1      1.82%     34.55% |           4      7.27%     41.82% |           2      3.64%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           2      3.64%     49.09% |           3      5.45%     54.55% |           1      1.82%     56.36% |           1      1.82%     58.18% |           0      0.00%     58.18% |           2      3.64%     61.82% |           3      5.45%     67.27% |           1      1.82%     69.09% |           0      0.00%     69.09% |           1      1.82%     70.91% |           1      1.82%     72.73% |           3      5.45%     78.18% |           2      3.64%     81.82% |           3      5.45%     87.27% |           3      5.45%     92.73% |           2      3.64%     96.36% |           1      1.82%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         138      2.80%      2.80% |         177      3.59%      6.39% |         162      3.29%      9.67% |         175      3.55%     13.22% |         134      2.72%     15.94% |         165      3.35%     19.29% |         166      3.37%     22.65% |         172      3.49%     26.14% |         116      2.35%     28.49% |         164      3.33%     31.82% |         169      3.43%     35.25% |         160      3.24%     38.49% |         120      2.43%     40.92% |         153      3.10%     44.03% |         155      3.14%     47.17% |         163      3.31%     50.48% |          97      1.97%     52.44% |         140      2.84%     55.28% |         141      2.86%     58.14% |         150      3.04%     61.18% |         115      2.33%     63.52% |         169      3.43%     66.94% |         163      3.31%     70.25% |         168      3.41%     73.66% |         125      2.53%     76.19% |         174      3.53%     79.72% |         176      3.57%     83.29% |         181      3.67%     86.96% |         133      2.70%     89.66% |         170      3.45%     93.10% |         169      3.43%     96.53% |         171      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         4931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          49      3.62%      3.62% |          39      2.88%      6.50% |          40      2.96%      9.46% |          34      2.51%     11.97% |          33      2.44%     14.41% |          39      2.88%     17.29% |          38      2.81%     20.10% |          33      2.44%     22.54% |          37      2.73%     25.28% |          36      2.66%     27.94% |          41      3.03%     30.97% |          38      2.81%     33.78% |          41      3.03%     36.81% |          45      3.33%     40.13% |          45      3.33%     43.46% |          43      3.18%     46.64% |          45      3.33%     49.96% |          46      3.40%     53.36% |          45      3.33%     56.69% |          46      3.40%     60.09% |          51      3.77%     63.86% |          54      3.99%     67.85% |          46      3.40%     71.25% |          44      3.25%     74.50% |          42      3.10%     77.61% |          42      3.10%     80.71% |          40      2.96%     83.67% |          41      3.03%     86.70% |          40      2.96%     89.65% |          44      3.25%     92.90% |          44      3.25%     96.16% |          52      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1297      3.12%      3.12% |        1304      3.14%      6.26% |        1102      2.65%      8.91% |        1325      3.19%     12.10% |        1330      3.20%     15.29% |        1328      3.19%     18.49% |        1338      3.22%     21.71% |        1336      3.21%     24.92% |        1334      3.21%     28.13% |        1339      3.22%     31.35% |        1022      2.46%     33.81% |        1326      3.19%     37.00% |        1316      3.17%     40.17% |        1324      3.18%     43.35% |        1335      3.21%     46.56% |        1322      3.18%     49.74% |        1326      3.19%     52.93% |        1322      3.18%     56.11% |        1311      3.15%     59.27% |        1300      3.13%     62.39% |        1292      3.11%     65.50% |        1294      3.11%     68.61% |        1311      3.15%     71.77% |        1303      3.13%     74.90% |        1313      3.16%     78.06% |        1304      3.14%     81.20% |        1315      3.16%     84.36% |        1293      3.11%     87.47% |        1302      3.13%     90.60% |        1295      3.12%     93.72% |        1306      3.14%     96.86% |        1305      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        41570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.28%      3.28% |         432      3.03%      6.30% |         422      2.96%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.09%     15.37% |         439      3.08%     18.44% |         438      3.07%     21.52% |         442      3.10%     24.62% |         445      3.12%     27.74% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.07% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.58% |         472      3.31%     43.89% |         475      3.33%     47.22% |         460      3.23%     50.45% |         463      3.25%     53.69% |         453      3.18%     56.87% |         448      3.14%     60.01% |         424      2.97%     62.98% |         417      2.92%     65.91% |         437      3.06%     68.97% |         427      2.99%     71.97% |         426      2.99%     74.96% |         458      3.21%     78.17% |         459      3.22%     81.39% |         468      3.28%     84.67% |         439      3.08%     87.75% |         437      3.06%     90.81% |         436      3.06%     93.87% |         446      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         237     40.93%     40.93% |           1      0.17%     41.11% |           0      0.00%     41.11% |           0      0.00%     41.11% |           2      0.35%     41.45% |           3      0.52%     41.97% |           2      0.35%     42.31% |           2      0.35%     42.66% |         316     54.58%     97.24% |           1      0.17%     97.41% |           2      0.35%     97.75% |           2      0.35%     98.10% |           2      0.35%     98.45% |           2      0.35%     98.79% |           2      0.35%     99.14% |           1      0.17%     99.31% |           1      0.17%     99.48% |           1      0.17%     99.65% |           1      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         260      3.10%      3.10% |         264      3.15%      6.25% |         257      3.06%      9.31% |         251      2.99%     12.31% |         258      3.08%     15.38% |         262      3.12%     18.51% |         271      3.23%     21.74% |         252      3.01%     24.74% |         228      2.72%     27.46% |         290      3.46%     30.92% |         247      2.95%     33.87% |         263      3.14%     37.00% |         270      3.22%     40.22% |         272      3.24%     43.47% |         272      3.24%     46.71% |         299      3.57%     50.27% |         257      3.06%     53.34% |         254      3.03%     56.37% |         283      3.37%     59.74% |         281      3.35%     63.09% |         260      3.10%     66.19% |         275      3.28%     69.47% |         261      3.11%     72.59% |         287      3.42%     76.01% |         281      3.35%     79.36% |         251      2.99%     82.35% |         266      3.17%     85.52% |         268      3.20%     88.72% |         244      2.91%     91.63% |         241      2.87%     94.50% |         236      2.81%     97.32% |         225      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         8386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        4998      4.20%      4.20% |        3737      3.14%      7.34% |        3795      3.19%     10.54% |        3716      3.12%     13.66% |        3694      3.11%     16.77% |        3685      3.10%     19.86% |        3686      3.10%     22.96% |        3695      3.11%     26.07% |        3725      3.13%     29.20% |        3691      3.10%     32.31% |        3756      3.16%     35.46% |        3651      3.07%     38.53% |        3668      3.08%     41.62% |        3680      3.09%     44.71% |        3687      3.10%     47.81% |        3610      3.04%     50.85% |        3681      3.09%     53.94% |        3663      3.08%     57.02% |        3642      3.06%     60.08% |        3649      3.07%     63.15% |        3676      3.09%     66.24% |        3666      3.08%     69.32% |        3674      3.09%     72.41% |        3610      3.04%     75.45% |        3636      3.06%     78.51% |        3688      3.10%     81.61% |        3639      3.06%     84.67% |        3618      3.04%     87.71% |        3664      3.08%     90.79% |        3642      3.06%     93.85% |        3637      3.06%     96.91% |        3676      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       118935                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |          32      2.95%      2.95% |          33      3.04%      6.00% |          28      2.58%      8.58% |          32      2.95%     11.53% |          37      3.41%     14.94% |          38      3.51%     18.45% |          40      3.69%     22.14% |          36      3.32%     25.46% |          38      3.51%     28.97% |          36      3.32%     32.29% |          25      2.31%     34.59% |          33      3.04%     37.64% |          36      3.32%     40.96% |          38      3.51%     44.46% |          38      3.51%     47.97% |          34      3.14%     51.11% |          34      3.14%     54.24% |          33      3.04%     57.29% |          31      2.86%     60.15% |          33      3.04%     63.19% |          33      3.04%     66.24% |          35      3.23%     69.46% |          34      3.14%     72.60% |          34      3.14%     75.74% |          31      2.86%     78.60% |          34      3.14%     81.73% |          30      2.77%     84.50% |          32      2.95%     87.45% |          33      3.04%     90.50% |          37      3.41%     93.91% |          33      3.04%     96.96% |          33      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total         1084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         669      3.22%      3.22% |         637      3.06%      6.28% |         632      3.04%      9.31% |         622      2.99%     12.30% |         640      3.08%     15.38% |         641      3.08%     18.46% |         650      3.12%     21.58% |         635      3.05%     24.64% |         614      2.95%     27.59% |         686      3.30%     30.88% |         651      3.13%     34.01% |         658      3.16%     37.17% |         683      3.28%     40.46% |         684      3.29%     43.74% |         689      3.31%     47.06% |         701      3.37%     50.43% |         662      3.18%     53.61% |         649      3.12%     56.73% |         671      3.22%     59.95% |         650      3.12%     63.07% |         621      2.98%     66.06% |         658      3.16%     69.22% |         629      3.02%     72.24% |         653      3.14%     75.38% |         678      3.26%     78.64% |         651      3.13%     81.77% |         675      3.24%     85.01% |         650      3.12%     88.14% |         627      3.01%     91.15% |         620      2.98%     94.13% |         626      3.01%     97.14% |         595      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        20807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5270      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5172      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5159      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5174      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5191      3.13%     37.51% |        5183      3.13%     40.64% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.13%     53.14% |        5179      3.13%     56.26% |        5181      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5171      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.40% |        5164      3.12%     87.52% |        5169      3.12%     90.64% |        5170      3.12%     93.76% |        5182      3.13%     96.89% |        5157      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          64      2.66%      2.66% |          77      3.20%      5.87% |          62      2.58%      8.44% |          68      2.83%     11.27% |          77      3.20%     14.48% |          62      2.58%     17.05% |          69      2.87%     19.93% |          71      2.95%     22.88% |          75      3.12%     26.00% |          77      3.20%     29.20% |          89      3.70%     32.90% |          60      2.50%     35.40% |          65      2.70%     38.10% |          85      3.54%     41.64% |          77      3.20%     44.84% |          86      3.58%     48.42% |          78      3.24%     51.66% |          56      2.33%     53.99% |          69      2.87%     56.86% |          89      3.70%     60.57% |          76      3.16%     63.73% |          95      3.95%     67.68% |          89      3.70%     71.38% |          87      3.62%     75.00% |          76      3.16%     78.16% |          76      3.16%     81.32% |          81      3.37%     84.69% |          74      3.08%     87.77% |          70      2.91%     90.68% |          82      3.41%     94.09% |          75      3.12%     97.21% |          67      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         183      3.18%      3.18% |         169      2.93%      6.11% |         163      2.83%      8.94% |         186      3.23%     12.17% |         170      2.95%     15.12% |         170      2.95%     18.07% |         162      2.81%     20.88% |         168      2.92%     23.79% |         212      3.68%     27.47% |         210      3.64%     31.12% |         186      3.23%     34.35% |         165      2.86%     37.21% |         175      3.04%     40.25% |         184      3.19%     43.44% |         191      3.31%     46.75% |         191      3.31%     50.07% |         161      2.79%     52.86% |         176      3.05%     55.92% |         186      3.23%     59.15% |         180      3.12%     62.27% |         200      3.47%     65.74% |         188      3.26%     69.00% |         181      3.14%     72.15% |         205      3.56%     75.70% |         197      3.42%     79.12% |         183      3.18%     82.30% |         186      3.23%     85.53% |         166      2.88%     88.41% |         167      2.90%     91.31% |         174      3.02%     94.32% |         152      2.64%     96.96% |         175      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         5762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         283      2.78%      2.78% |         329      3.24%      6.02% |         310      3.05%      9.07% |         291      2.86%     11.93% |         319      3.14%     15.07% |         333      3.28%     18.35% |         340      3.34%     21.69% |         263      2.59%     24.28% |         313      3.08%     27.36% |         304      2.99%     30.35% |         343      3.37%     33.72% |         320      3.15%     36.87% |         333      3.28%     40.14% |         306      3.01%     43.15% |         328      3.23%     46.38% |         304      2.99%     49.37% |         279      2.74%     52.11% |         267      2.63%     54.74% |         323      3.18%     57.92% |         372      3.66%     61.58% |         372      3.66%     65.24% |         312      3.07%     68.31% |         333      3.28%     71.58% |         352      3.46%     75.04% |         392      3.86%     78.90% |         321      3.16%     82.06% |         307      3.02%     85.08% |         355      3.49%     88.57% |         324      3.19%     91.76% |         319      3.14%     94.89% |         270      2.66%     97.55% |         249      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total        10166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7799      3.14%      3.14% |        7737      3.12%      6.26% |        7728      3.11%      9.38% |        7705      3.11%     12.48% |        7842      3.16%     15.64% |        7740      3.12%     18.76% |        7764      3.13%     21.89% |        7716      3.11%     25.00% |        7870      3.17%     28.17% |        7652      3.08%     31.25% |        7755      3.13%     34.38% |        7701      3.10%     37.48% |        7914      3.19%     40.67% |        7701      3.10%     43.78% |        7676      3.09%     46.87% |        7715      3.11%     49.98% |        7900      3.18%     53.16% |        7756      3.13%     56.29% |        7653      3.08%     59.37% |        7745      3.12%     62.49% |        7852      3.16%     65.66% |        7762      3.13%     68.79% |        7678      3.09%     71.88% |        7648      3.08%     74.96% |        7894      3.18%     78.15% |        7724      3.11%     81.26% |        7710      3.11%     84.37% |        7644      3.08%     87.45% |        7901      3.18%     90.63% |        7747      3.12%     93.75% |        7780      3.14%     96.89% |        7722      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       248131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         227      2.88%      2.88% |         218      2.76%      5.64% |         258      3.27%      8.91% |         243      3.08%     11.99% |         252      3.19%     15.18% |         228      2.89%     18.07% |         225      2.85%     20.93% |         242      3.07%     23.99% |         259      3.28%     27.28% |         204      2.59%     29.86% |         271      3.43%     33.30% |         262      3.32%     36.62% |         281      3.56%     40.18% |         238      3.02%     43.19% |         225      2.85%     46.05% |         238      3.02%     49.06% |         251      3.18%     52.24% |         234      2.97%     55.21% |         241      3.05%     58.26% |         260      3.30%     61.56% |         285      3.61%     65.17% |         259      3.28%     68.45% |         272      3.45%     71.90% |         294      3.73%     75.63% |         260      3.30%     78.92% |         235      2.98%     81.90% |         242      3.07%     84.97% |         263      3.33%     88.30% |         240      3.04%     91.34% |         227      2.88%     94.22% |         233      2.95%     97.17% |         223      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         7890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         103      2.29%      2.29% |         122      2.71%      5.01% |         158      3.52%      8.52% |         133      2.96%     11.48% |         141      3.14%     14.62% |         129      2.87%     17.49% |         132      2.94%     20.42% |         124      2.76%     23.18% |         154      3.43%     26.61% |         118      2.63%     29.23% |         144      3.20%     32.44% |         167      3.72%     36.15% |         139      3.09%     39.24% |         146      3.25%     42.49% |         140      3.11%     45.61% |         138      3.07%     48.68% |         140      3.11%     51.79% |         132      2.94%     54.73% |         139      3.09%     57.82% |         149      3.31%     61.13% |         162      3.60%     64.74% |         144      3.20%     67.94% |         148      3.29%     71.23% |         147      3.27%     74.51% |         172      3.83%     78.33% |         139      3.09%     81.42% |         142      3.16%     84.58% |         163      3.63%     88.21% |         138      3.07%     91.28% |         139      3.09%     94.37% |         138      3.07%     97.44% |         115      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       52469      6.75%      6.75% |       24313      3.13%      9.87% |       23042      2.96%     12.84% |       23948      3.08%     15.91% |       23326      3.00%     18.91% |       22753      2.93%     21.84% |       22362      2.88%     24.71% |       22445      2.89%     27.60% |       22800      2.93%     30.53% |       23202      2.98%     33.51% |       24904      3.20%     36.72% |       25293      3.25%     39.97% |       23453      3.02%     42.98% |       23006      2.96%     45.94% |       22137      2.85%     48.79% |       22509      2.89%     51.68% |       23646      3.04%     54.72% |       22954      2.95%     57.67% |       23367      3.00%     60.68% |       23284      2.99%     63.67% |       23224      2.99%     66.66% |       25436      3.27%     69.93% |       22959      2.95%     72.88% |       22662      2.91%     75.79% |       23166      2.98%     78.77% |       23481      3.02%     81.79% |       23006      2.96%     84.75% |       23013      2.96%     87.71% |       22974      2.95%     90.66% |       22677      2.92%     93.58% |       23779      3.06%     96.64% |       26158      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       777748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          86      2.95%      2.95% |          89      3.06%      6.01% |          95      3.26%      9.27% |          93      3.19%     12.46% |          89      3.06%     15.52% |          86      2.95%     18.47% |          76      2.61%     21.08% |          84      2.88%     23.96% |          88      3.02%     26.98% |          91      3.12%     30.11% |         110      3.78%     33.88% |          96      3.30%     37.18% |          95      3.26%     40.44% |          79      2.71%     43.15% |         102      3.50%     46.65% |          83      2.85%     49.50% |          86      2.95%     52.45% |          75      2.57%     55.03% |          93      3.19%     58.22% |          90      3.09%     61.31% |          97      3.33%     64.64% |          96      3.30%     67.94% |          85      2.92%     70.85% |         118      4.05%     74.91% |          98      3.36%     78.27% |          94      3.23%     81.50% |          96      3.30%     84.79% |         105      3.60%     88.40% |          94      3.23%     91.62% |          83      2.85%     94.47% |          86      2.95%     97.43% |          75      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          44      2.76%      2.76% |          44      2.76%      5.51% |          41      2.57%      8.08% |          55      3.45%     11.53% |          52      3.26%     14.79% |          41      2.57%     17.36% |          41      2.57%     19.92% |          41      2.57%     22.49% |          47      2.94%     25.44% |          54      3.38%     28.82% |          51      3.20%     32.02% |          53      3.32%     35.34% |          54      3.38%     38.72% |          47      2.94%     41.67% |          43      2.69%     44.36% |          42      2.63%     46.99% |          55      3.45%     50.44% |          48      3.01%     53.45% |          43      2.69%     56.14% |          57      3.57%     59.71% |          53      3.32%     63.03% |          57      3.57%     66.60% |          51      3.20%     69.80% |          48      3.01%     72.81% |          67      4.20%     77.01% |          59      3.70%     80.70% |          60      3.76%     84.46% |          61      3.82%     88.28% |          48      3.01%     91.29% |          48      3.01%     94.30% |          46      2.88%     97.18% |          45      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1596                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          42      2.94%      2.94% |          43      3.01%      5.95% |          38      2.66%      8.61% |          53      3.71%     12.32% |          44      3.08%     15.40% |          46      3.22%     18.61% |          41      2.87%     21.48% |          46      3.22%     24.70% |          38      2.66%     27.36% |          41      2.87%     30.23% |          41      2.87%     33.10% |          46      3.22%     36.32% |          48      3.36%     39.68% |          46      3.22%     42.90% |          39      2.73%     45.63% |          50      3.50%     49.13% |          45      3.15%     52.27% |          37      2.59%     54.86% |          41      2.87%     57.73% |          54      3.78%     61.51% |          50      3.50%     65.01% |          50      3.50%     68.51% |          49      3.43%     71.94% |          44      3.08%     75.02% |          57      3.99%     79.01% |          49      3.43%     82.44% |          38      2.66%     85.09% |          40      2.80%     87.89% |          43      3.01%     90.90% |          47      3.29%     94.19% |          39      2.73%     96.92% |          44      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total         1429                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           2     18.18%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6288      3.25%      3.25% |        6170      3.19%      6.44% |        6121      3.17%      9.61% |        6020      3.11%     12.73% |        6230      3.22%     15.95% |        6140      3.18%     19.13% |        6161      3.19%     22.31% |        6137      3.17%     25.49% |        6132      3.17%     28.66% |        5915      3.06%     31.72% |        6031      3.12%     34.84% |        5911      3.06%     37.90% |        6190      3.20%     41.10% |        6030      3.12%     44.22% |        5906      3.06%     47.27% |        6011      3.11%     50.38% |        6184      3.20%     53.58% |        6113      3.16%     56.75% |        5995      3.10%     59.85% |        5985      3.10%     62.94% |        5943      3.07%     66.02% |        5972      3.09%     69.11% |        5930      3.07%     72.18% |        5700      2.95%     75.12% |        5994      3.10%     78.23% |        5944      3.08%     81.30% |        5911      3.06%     84.36% |        5739      2.97%     87.33% |        6195      3.20%     90.53% |        6062      3.14%     93.67% |        6100      3.16%     96.82% |        6140      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       193300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         883      3.25%      3.25% |         850      3.13%      6.38% |         877      3.23%      9.62% |         867      3.19%     12.81% |         867      3.19%     16.00% |         843      3.11%     19.11% |         855      3.15%     22.26% |         881      3.25%     25.51% |         880      3.24%     28.75% |         836      3.08%     31.83% |         844      3.11%     34.94% |         831      3.06%     38.00% |         845      3.11%     41.11% |         835      3.08%     44.19% |         842      3.10%     47.29% |         812      2.99%     50.28% |         881      3.25%     53.53% |         857      3.16%     56.69% |         829      3.05%     59.74% |         835      3.08%     62.82% |         820      3.02%     65.84% |         832      3.07%     68.90% |         825      3.04%     71.94% |         805      2.97%     74.91% |         794      2.93%     77.84% |         848      3.12%     80.96% |         829      3.05%     84.01% |         826      3.04%     87.06% |         863      3.18%     90.24% |         860      3.17%     93.41% |         895      3.30%     96.70% |         895      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        27142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         424      2.00%      2.00% |         508      2.40%      4.40% |         528      2.50%      6.90% |         624      2.95%      9.85% |         546      2.58%     12.43% |         552      2.61%     15.04% |         538      2.54%     17.58% |         508      2.40%     19.98% |         691      3.27%     23.25% |         670      3.17%     26.41% |         695      3.28%     29.70% |         756      3.57%     33.27% |         667      3.15%     36.42% |         625      2.95%     39.38% |         714      3.37%     42.75% |         654      3.09%     45.84% |         638      3.02%     48.86% |         591      2.79%     51.65% |         595      2.81%     54.46% |         700      3.31%     57.77% |         887      4.19%     61.96% |         741      3.50%     65.46% |         720      3.40%     68.87% |         914      4.32%     73.19% |         882      4.17%     77.35% |         739      3.49%     80.85% |         761      3.60%     84.44% |         869      4.11%     88.55% |         654      3.09%     91.64% |         642      3.03%     94.67% |         607      2.87%     97.54% |         520      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total        21160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           1      4.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           1      4.00%     12.00% |           2      8.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           1      4.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           2      8.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           3     12.00%     56.00% |           1      4.00%     60.00% |           2      8.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           2      8.00%     76.00% |           1      4.00%     80.00% |           2      8.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           6      1.47%      1.47% |           7      1.72%      3.19% |          10      2.45%      5.64% |           4      0.98%      6.62% |          10      2.45%      9.07% |           7      1.72%     10.78% |          13      3.19%     13.97% |           9      2.21%     16.18% |          17      4.17%     20.34% |           8      1.96%     22.30% |           8      1.96%     24.26% |          22      5.39%     29.66% |          12      2.94%     32.60% |           8      1.96%     34.56% |          13      3.19%     37.75% |          18      4.41%     42.16% |           9      2.21%     44.36% |          16      3.92%     48.28% |          12      2.94%     51.23% |          15      3.68%     54.90% |          15      3.68%     58.58% |          16      3.92%     62.50% |          13      3.19%     65.69% |          20      4.90%     70.59% |          28      6.86%     77.45% |          14      3.43%     80.88% |          10      2.45%     83.33% |          23      5.64%     88.97% |           3      0.74%     89.71% |          18      4.41%     94.12% |          18      4.41%     98.53% |           6      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total          408                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         388      2.02%      2.02% |         455      2.37%      4.40% |         489      2.55%      6.95% |         566      2.95%      9.90% |         495      2.58%     12.48% |         488      2.55%     15.03% |         494      2.58%     17.61% |         463      2.42%     20.02% |         625      3.26%     23.28% |         621      3.24%     26.52% |         618      3.22%     29.75% |         676      3.53%     33.27% |         603      3.15%     36.42% |         561      2.93%     39.35% |         654      3.41%     42.76% |         601      3.14%     45.89% |         601      3.14%     49.03% |         528      2.75%     51.78% |         535      2.79%     54.58% |         649      3.39%     57.96% |         797      4.16%     62.12% |         668      3.48%     65.60% |         634      3.31%     68.91% |         834      4.35%     73.26% |         793      4.14%     77.40% |         667      3.48%     80.88% |         684      3.57%     84.45% |         792      4.13%     88.58% |         588      3.07%     91.65% |         575      3.00%     94.65% |         556      2.90%     97.55% |         470      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total        19168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          36      1.81%      1.81% |          53      2.66%      4.47% |          39      1.96%      6.43% |          58      2.91%      9.34% |          51      2.56%     11.90% |          64      3.21%     15.11% |          44      2.21%     17.32% |          45      2.26%     19.58% |          66      3.31%     22.89% |          49      2.46%     25.35% |          77      3.87%     29.22% |          80      4.02%     33.23% |          64      3.21%     36.45% |          64      3.21%     39.66% |          60      3.01%     42.67% |          53      2.66%     45.33% |          37      1.86%     47.19% |          63      3.16%     50.35% |          60      3.01%     53.36% |          51      2.56%     55.92% |          90      4.52%     60.44% |          73      3.66%     64.11% |          86      4.32%     68.42% |          80      4.02%     72.44% |          89      4.47%     76.91% |          72      3.61%     80.52% |          77      3.87%     84.39% |          77      3.87%     88.25% |          66      3.31%     91.57% |          67      3.36%     94.93% |          51      2.56%     97.49% |          50      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          19      2.61%      2.61% |          25      3.44%      6.05% |          18      2.48%      8.53% |          22      3.03%     11.55% |          18      2.48%     14.03% |          21      2.89%     16.92% |          23      3.16%     20.08% |          21      2.89%     22.97% |          27      3.71%     26.69% |          23      3.16%     29.85% |          20      2.75%     32.60% |          19      2.61%     35.21% |          28      3.85%     39.06% |          33      4.54%     43.60% |          20      2.75%     46.35% |          21      2.89%     49.24% |          20      2.75%     51.99% |          23      3.16%     55.16% |          21      2.89%     58.05% |          19      2.61%     60.66% |          29      3.99%     64.65% |          25      3.44%     68.09% |          24      3.30%     71.39% |          15      2.06%     73.45% |          23      3.16%     76.62% |          16      2.20%     78.82% |          30      4.13%     82.94% |          20      2.75%     85.69% |          21      2.89%     88.58% |          24      3.30%     91.88% |          31      4.26%     96.15% |          28      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          13      2.01%      2.01% |          16      2.47%      4.48% |          21      3.24%      7.72% |          20      3.09%     10.80% |          26      4.01%     14.81% |          20      3.09%     17.90% |          26      4.01%     21.91% |          20      3.09%     25.00% |          27      4.17%     29.17% |          11      1.70%     30.86% |          20      3.09%     33.95% |          23      3.55%     37.50% |          17      2.62%     40.12% |          22      3.40%     43.52% |          28      4.32%     47.84% |          13      2.01%     49.85% |          22      3.40%     53.24% |          12      1.85%     55.09% |           7      1.08%     56.17% |          15      2.31%     58.49% |          35      5.40%     63.89% |          17      2.62%     66.51% |          31      4.78%     71.30% |          23      3.55%     74.85% |          25      3.86%     78.70% |          26      4.01%     82.72% |          17      2.62%     85.34% |          20      3.09%     88.43% |          20      3.09%     91.51% |          18      2.78%     94.29% |          19      2.93%     97.22% |          18      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          12      2.75%      2.75% |           9      2.06%      4.82% |          13      2.98%      7.80% |          14      3.21%     11.01% |          16      3.67%     14.68% |          11      2.52%     17.20% |          14      3.21%     20.41% |          15      3.44%     23.85% |          11      2.52%     26.38% |          15      3.44%     29.82% |          17      3.90%     33.72% |           9      2.06%     35.78% |          13      2.98%     38.76% |          14      3.21%     41.97% |          11      2.52%     44.50% |           9      2.06%     46.56% |           9      2.06%     48.62% |          14      3.21%     51.83% |          17      3.90%     55.73% |          13      2.98%     58.72% |          17      3.90%     62.61% |          13      2.98%     65.60% |          19      4.36%     69.95% |          10      2.29%     72.25% |          15      3.44%     75.69% |          20      4.59%     80.28% |          16      3.67%     83.94% |          12      2.75%     86.70% |          16      3.67%     90.37% |          16      3.67%     94.04% |          13      2.98%     97.02% |          13      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7171      3.25%      3.25% |        7020      3.18%      6.44% |        6998      3.17%      9.61% |        6887      3.12%     12.74% |        7097      3.22%     15.96% |        6983      3.17%     19.12% |        7016      3.18%     22.31% |        7018      3.18%     25.49% |        7012      3.18%     28.67% |        6751      3.06%     31.73% |        6875      3.12%     34.85% |        6742      3.06%     37.91% |        7035      3.19%     41.10% |        6865      3.11%     44.22% |        6748      3.06%     47.28% |        6823      3.10%     50.37% |        7065      3.20%     53.58% |        6970      3.16%     56.74% |        6824      3.10%     59.83% |        6820      3.09%     62.93% |        6763      3.07%     66.00% |        6804      3.09%     69.08% |        6755      3.06%     72.15% |        6505      2.95%     75.10% |        6788      3.08%     78.18% |        6792      3.08%     81.26% |        6740      3.06%     84.32% |        6565      2.98%     87.29% |        7058      3.20%     90.50% |        6922      3.14%     93.64% |        6995      3.17%     96.81% |        7035      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       220442                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      276046     18.07%     18.07% |      764023     50.00%     68.07% |       17661      1.16%     69.22% |       19210      1.26%     70.48% |       17494      1.14%     71.62% |       19437      1.27%     72.90% |       17760      1.16%     74.06% |       19265      1.26%     75.32% |       15169      0.99%     76.31% |       15762      1.03%     77.34% |       15203      0.99%     78.34% |       16028      1.05%     79.39% |       16924      1.11%     80.49% |       16099      1.05%     81.55% |       14647      0.96%     82.51% |       15513      1.02%     83.52% |       15784      1.03%     84.55% |       17148      1.12%     85.68% |       16033      1.05%     86.73% |       15369      1.01%     87.73% |       14434      0.94%     88.68% |       15181      0.99%     89.67% |       14612      0.96%     90.63% |       13864      0.91%     91.53% |       14986      0.98%     92.51% |       15996      1.05%     93.56% |       15048      0.98%     94.55% |       14587      0.95%     95.50% |       16277      1.07%     96.57% |       18065      1.18%     97.75% |       16780      1.10%     98.85% |       17641      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1528046                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      276046     18.07%     18.07% |      764023     50.00%     68.07% |       17661      1.16%     69.22% |       19210      1.26%     70.48% |       17494      1.14%     71.62% |       19437      1.27%     72.90% |       17760      1.16%     74.06% |       19265      1.26%     75.32% |       15169      0.99%     76.31% |       15762      1.03%     77.34% |       15203      0.99%     78.34% |       16028      1.05%     79.39% |       16924      1.11%     80.49% |       16099      1.05%     81.55% |       14647      0.96%     82.51% |       15513      1.02%     83.52% |       15784      1.03%     84.55% |       17148      1.12%     85.68% |       16033      1.05%     86.73% |       15369      1.01%     87.73% |       14434      0.94%     88.68% |       15181      0.99%     89.67% |       14612      0.96%     90.63% |       13864      0.91%     91.53% |       14986      0.98%     92.51% |       15996      1.05%     93.56% |       15048      0.98%     94.55% |       14587      0.95%     95.50% |       16277      1.07%     96.57% |       18065      1.18%     97.75% |       16780      1.10%     98.85% |       17641      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1528046                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      276046     18.07%     18.07% |      764023     50.00%     68.07% |       17661      1.16%     69.22% |       19210      1.26%     70.48% |       17494      1.14%     71.62% |       19437      1.27%     72.90% |       17760      1.16%     74.06% |       19265      1.26%     75.32% |       15169      0.99%     76.31% |       15762      1.03%     77.34% |       15203      0.99%     78.34% |       16028      1.05%     79.39% |       16924      1.11%     80.49% |       16099      1.05%     81.55% |       14647      0.96%     82.51% |       15513      1.02%     83.52% |       15784      1.03%     84.55% |       17148      1.12%     85.68% |       16033      1.05%     86.73% |       15369      1.01%     87.73% |       14434      0.94%     88.68% |       15181      0.99%     89.67% |       14612      0.96%     90.63% |       13864      0.91%     91.53% |       14986      0.98%     92.51% |       15996      1.05%     93.56% |       15048      0.98%     94.55% |       14587      0.95%     95.50% |       16277      1.07%     96.57% |       18065      1.18%     97.75% |       16780      1.10%     98.85% |       17641      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1528046                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      276046     18.07%     18.07% |      764023     50.00%     68.07% |       17661      1.16%     69.22% |       19210      1.26%     70.48% |       17494      1.14%     71.62% |       19437      1.27%     72.90% |       17760      1.16%     74.06% |       19265      1.26%     75.32% |       15169      0.99%     76.31% |       15762      1.03%     77.34% |       15203      0.99%     78.34% |       16028      1.05%     79.39% |       16924      1.11%     80.49% |       16099      1.05%     81.55% |       14647      0.96%     82.51% |       15513      1.02%     83.52% |       15784      1.03%     84.55% |       17148      1.12%     85.68% |       16033      1.05%     86.73% |       15369      1.01%     87.73% |       14434      0.94%     88.68% |       15181      0.99%     89.67% |       14612      0.96%     90.63% |       13864      0.91%     91.53% |       14986      0.98%     92.51% |       15996      1.05%     93.56% |       15048      0.98%     94.55% |       14587      0.95%     95.50% |       16277      1.07%     96.57% |       18065      1.18%     97.75% |       16780      1.10%     98.85% |       17641      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1528046                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
