
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38829998500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214998077000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50118                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88244                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107063822                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3224036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   362.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18176716                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32004364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120751176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120751176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73709609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73709609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194460785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194460785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2861888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      328                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2299                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38829486000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.924055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.951465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.674590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12688     39.15%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7198     22.21%     61.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8048     24.84%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1058      3.26%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          767      2.37%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          554      1.71%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          442      1.36%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          448      1.38%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1202      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.207369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.063027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7945     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.623365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.227276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7433     93.47%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           150      1.89%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      1.35%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          262      3.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3363862384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4737281134                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45923.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64673.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329110.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27096818250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126743400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118049400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69155625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64411875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             288943200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281229000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146681280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142948800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14163645285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13796216730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10869251250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11191557000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28200100200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28130092965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.385431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.582166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117545408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117545408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70734589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70734589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188279997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188279997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      341                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2059                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38829234000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   8032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.056064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.075442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.834142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9258     32.44%     32.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6640     23.27%     55.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8020     28.10%     83.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1151      4.03%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          816      2.86%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          541      1.90%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          487      1.71%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          468      1.64%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1158      4.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.330148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.410613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7631     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.617751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.385233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.228262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7114     93.13%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           173      2.26%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          106      1.39%     96.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          246      3.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3081958422                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4418852172                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43224.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61974.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29866                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339912.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26908468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112575960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103035240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61425375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56219625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             281626800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273265200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141089040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136857600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14033597220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13364339130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10983328500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11570397000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28149323055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28039793955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.077500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.256221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117608040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117608040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70774146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70774146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188382186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188382186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      350                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2048                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38829473500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71355                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.417391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.540270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.317823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9273     32.51%     32.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6493     22.77%     55.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8162     28.62%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1137      3.99%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          803      2.82%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          591      2.07%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          442      1.55%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          437      1.53%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1182      4.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.324529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.522051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7643     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.614278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.382148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.226900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7125     93.16%     93.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           172      2.25%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          108      1.41%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          243      3.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3127386968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4465011968                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43837.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62587.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29957                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339730.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27003221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112326480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103110840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61289250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56260875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             282009000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273210600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141063120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14077286865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13434723585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10945004250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11508656250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28154659125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28048674870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.214948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.484978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117139948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117139948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70657124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70657124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187797071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187797071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      403                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2527                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38829256000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.061374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.464744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   242.744941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9002     31.99%     31.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6438     22.88%     54.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8090     28.75%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1142      4.06%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          783      2.78%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          569      2.02%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          485      1.72%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          465      1.65%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1165      4.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.332020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.599669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7608     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.630155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.389631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.273223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7099     93.24%     93.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           151      1.98%     95.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          104      1.37%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          260      3.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3182105846                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4514574596                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    44777.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               63527.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340783.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10541778500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26984378750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110315520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102211200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60192000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55770000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             280199400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272703600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140726160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13884974280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13294335150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11113700250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11631804750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28125787770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28029394860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.471249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.988335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307118                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.871052                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.506615                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.209932                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2292334     69.32%     69.32% |      958202     28.97%     98.29% |       32771      0.99%     99.28% |       14913      0.45%     99.73% |        5728      0.17%     99.90% |        2613      0.08%     99.98% |         454      0.01%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307118                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11964436                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.962148                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704049                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.226233                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4942326     41.31%     41.31% |     6060504     50.65%     91.96% |      803095      6.71%     98.68% |       93865      0.78%     99.46% |       24475      0.20%     99.66% |       16897      0.14%     99.81% |       13552      0.11%     99.92% |        8048      0.07%     99.99% |        1286      0.01%    100.00% |         388      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11964436                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11964433                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.931786                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.636814                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.562435                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11934626     99.75%     99.75% |       21989      0.18%     99.93% |        6630      0.06%     99.99% |        1074      0.01%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11964433                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11342477                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000451                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000389                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021229                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11337366     99.95%     99.95% |        5110      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11342477                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621956                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.810607                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.418629                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       194.908935                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592149     95.21%     95.21% |       21989      3.54%     98.74% |        6630      1.07%     99.81% |        1074      0.17%     99.98% |         109      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621956                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62343                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62343                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           19                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7916582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8295394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3376259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3497461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107917                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416376                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1747                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1597                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1532                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1583                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1713                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1632                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1690                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1802                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          144                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5894089                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5894089                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5980737                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5894089                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2556990                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2554337                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5894089                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2104522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2104522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2135058                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1105089                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1098310                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2104522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027099                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1584166                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       615930                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607534                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019988                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1200456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1200456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1228357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1200456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       502401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1200456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015458                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1691281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1691281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1716541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1691281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       864608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       855329                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1691281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.021778                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1696498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1696498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1724250                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1696498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       856263                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       850314                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1696498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021845                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2209810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2209810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2249168                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2209810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801947                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       796694                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2209810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028455                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1223981                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1223981                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1252047                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1223981                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       498657                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       496637                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1223981                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015761                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       792530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       792530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       809341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       792530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366170                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       358002                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       792530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010205                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1136880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1136880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158094                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1136880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570775                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       561304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1136880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014639                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       755799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       755799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       764134                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       755799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313973                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       313751                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       755799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009732                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       664687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       664687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       667308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       664687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       265983                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       265791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       664687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008559                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       989621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       989621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       994110                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       989621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474229                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       989621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012743                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       698838                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       698838                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702068                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698838                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       284768                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       284562                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       698838                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008999                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       416950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       416950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       419272                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162702                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162614                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       416950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005369                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       612775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       612775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       616730                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       612775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       241958                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       241783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       612775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007890                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1036770                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369968                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       369757                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013216                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       688548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       688548                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       695111                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       688547                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259773                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259627                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       688547                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008866                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       650224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       650224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       656806                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       650224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259034                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258780                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       650224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008373                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403467                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403467                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405838                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403467                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159119                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403467                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       389891                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       389891                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       390396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       389891                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       192729                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       192719                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       389891                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005020                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       520862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       520862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       521485                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       520862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       260609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       260558                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       520862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006707                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       409367                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       188150                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       188120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262097                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262097                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262097                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262097                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262097                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       334324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       334324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       334721                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       334324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       140825                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       140820                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       334324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       472253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       472253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       472895                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       472253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231241                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231181                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       472253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006081                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       387777                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       387777                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387777                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172348                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       172317                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       387777                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004993                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1425774                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1425774                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1470815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1425774                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       595600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594430                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1425774                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018359                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1405468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1405468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1433923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1405468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       569268                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1405468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018098                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1441336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1441336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1477702                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1441336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581515                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       580500                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1441336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018560                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1485973                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1485973                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1521434                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1485973                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       609183                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607837                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1485973                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019134                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2607517     27.88%     27.88% |     6214343     66.46%     94.34% |      529176      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9351036                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2607517     27.88%     27.88% |     6214343     66.46%     94.34% |      529177      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9351037                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76101815                       |   146676339                       |    11239686                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9547823                       |    29194084                       |      529189                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.185549                       |   23.602871                       |   21.239977                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.661653                       |    4.697855                       |    1.000025                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.025873                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.199652                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.225525                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001863                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040441      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039800      6.94%     13.99% |    0.040312      7.03%     21.01% |    0.039712      6.92%     27.93% |    0.094516     16.47%     44.41% |    0.095943     16.72%     61.13% |    0.094444     16.46%     77.59% |    0.095792     16.70%     94.29% |    0.008192      1.43%     95.71% |    0.008196      1.43%     97.14% |    0.008197      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008196      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.573739                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014167                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028840                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000833                       |    0.000757                       |    0.000727                       |    0.000758                       |    0.000788                       |    0.000764                       |    0.000789                       |    0.000845                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.001896                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001824                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001658                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001716                       |    0.001769                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005638                       |    0.005484                       |    0.005487                       |    0.005465                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000213                       |    0.001029                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000099                       |    0.000095                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000100                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000109                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000879                       |    0.001184                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000101                       |    0.001780                       |    0.004372                       |    0.001172                       |           0                       |    0.001812                       |    0.003863                       |           0                       |    0.003653                       |    0.007360                       |    0.001671                       |    0.001250                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000109                       |    0.003405                       |    0.002855                       |    0.010799                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001712                       |    0.000099                       |    0.007457                       |    0.002922                       |    0.002128                       |           0                       |    0.001705                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007318                       |    0.003214                       |    0.002142                       |           0                       |    0.001726                       |           0                       |    0.003675                       |    0.001628                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000883                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001130                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001266                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000109                       |    0.001859                       |    0.003680                       |    0.004309                       |    0.001828                       |    0.001092                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000095                       |    0.003033                       |    0.007522                       |    0.005886                       |    0.002545                       |    0.037219                       |    0.004618                       |    0.000213                       |    0.002563                       |    0.012217                       |    0.015689                       |    0.003378                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001765                       |    0.001029                       |    0.002604                       |    0.006509                       |    0.012095                       |    0.003097                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000101                       |    0.004152                       |    0.004840                       |    0.006952                       |    0.003073                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001671                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003392                       |    0.002545                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000919                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001804                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000232                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001309                       |    0.001656                       |    0.003501                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001047                       |    0.003642                       |    0.006714                       |    0.001549                       |    0.001184                       |    0.001540                       |    0.000101                       |    0.018110                       |    0.003378                       |    0.002200                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001149                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000100                       |    0.001516                       |    0.007356                       |    0.002474                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001529                       |    0.007369                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000759                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001505                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000078                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000618                       |           0                       |    0.003220                       |           0                       |    0.001549                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.000474                       |    0.004257                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008476                       |    0.001464                       |    0.001334                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000568                       |    0.005188                       |    0.001533                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002525                       |    0.004245                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.573739                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4074103                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4074103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2664845                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108799                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.134021                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8734700                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4994290                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8782875                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5038700                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13728990                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13821575                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3504376                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3513819                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3504376                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3513819                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74126743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13414127                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24121839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4074103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2387645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56001760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310902                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3503723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70561803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62484808     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1017070      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642674      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737089      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           603992      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676768      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608752      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352267      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3438383      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70561803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397228                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55740061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2002185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41340280                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30352724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5173804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19681239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40314690                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1451396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46560781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97714056                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61078329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36688871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13704673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4448843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5199852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       397443                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       251497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39290812                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       193034                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41584421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70561803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54784704     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5751876      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3023824      4.29%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2683705      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906406      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052927      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861500      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300365      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70561803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92704     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27393992     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8871666     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5067577     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41584421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154697385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46752037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36105463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42208400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       565812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120518                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4286918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24798235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39483846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4448843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5199852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       184171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41174315                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8728034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13728036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2997751                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5000002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36171998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36105483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20523067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33192460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487078                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618305                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138561                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69395586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57576806     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4201165      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521706      5.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414911      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       785067      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248846      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355254      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       956212      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69395586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18176715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32004361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8083833                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3315684                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31720098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       205167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23764234     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3315684     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4768149     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32004361                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        956212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107828796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80073546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3564940                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18176715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32004361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.078115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.078115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245211                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245211                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63338439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27870483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15357005                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110482                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20293959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                509183500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            509183499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604051                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.015372                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.337795                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.181591                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1053114     65.65%     65.65% |      496768     30.97%     96.62% |       30658      1.91%     98.53% |       14649      0.91%     99.45% |        5699      0.36%     99.80% |        2613      0.16%     99.97% |         447      0.03%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604051                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673964                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.914764                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.800178                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.739352                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1213496     72.49%     72.49% |      458055     27.36%     99.86% |        2113      0.13%     99.98% |         264      0.02%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673964                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29103                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.206989                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.028532                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.916446                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         458      1.57%      1.57% |        5426     18.64%     20.22% |       13540     46.52%     66.74% |        6300     21.65%     88.39% |        3319     11.40%     99.79% |          54      0.19%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29103                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3538702                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.295958                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.992430                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          92.395739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3513451     99.29%     99.29% |       17804      0.50%     99.79% |        6315      0.18%     99.97% |        1024      0.03%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3538702                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3272003                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000930                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000803                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030482                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3268960     99.91%     99.91% |        3043      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3272003                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266699                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     219.211894                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.596738                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    264.668141                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241448     90.53%     90.53% |       17804      6.68%     97.21% |        6315      2.37%     99.58% |        1024      0.38%     99.96% |         103      0.04%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266699                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4790592                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.042527                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.597926                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.952438                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4768262     99.53%     99.53% |       17992      0.38%     99.91% |        3267      0.07%     99.98% |         700      0.01%     99.99% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4790592                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4566257                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000433                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000374                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020824                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4564279     99.96%     99.96% |        1977      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4566257                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224335                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.736399                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.064318                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.634894                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      202005     90.05%     90.05% |       17992      8.02%     98.07% |        3267      1.46%     99.52% |         700      0.31%     99.83% |         219      0.10%     99.93% |          96      0.04%     99.98% |          36      0.02%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3497459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.798846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.910474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3484992     99.64%     99.64% |       10383      0.30%     99.94% |        1832      0.05%     99.99% |          52      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3497459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3376259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3376255    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3376259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.766048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.490342                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.403947                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108733     89.71%     89.71% |       10383      8.57%     98.28% |        1832      1.51%     99.79% |          52      0.04%     99.83% |          93      0.08%     99.91% |          91      0.08%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8953                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       209945                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7589                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    19825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    17443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    18216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    18783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    20053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   3023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                22848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                19992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                21000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                23184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  170792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  149158                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  159286                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  148919                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  166903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  150741                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  188653                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  190211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   19584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   17136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   18000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   19872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3264                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   2856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   3000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3312                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                17016                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                14966                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                16175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16113                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                17201                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2568                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2401                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2373                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2809                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2477                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2685                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2852                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               455                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               379                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               411                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               411                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      138                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 905413                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 908953                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 901242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 908260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 905083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 904921                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 901605                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 901372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    6528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    5712                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    6000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6624                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                830847                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                842270                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                831773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                837433                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                835680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                839629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                824918                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                825331                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             141440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             123760                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             130000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             143520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               573779                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               531343                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               537987                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               533469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               545377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               525621                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               568392                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               584370                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           830847                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           842270                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           831773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           837433                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           835680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           839629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           824918                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           825331                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        141440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        123760                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        130000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        143520                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          537145                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          503830                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          507632                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          504025                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          513577                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          495482                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          529918                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          550289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             894739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             898127                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             891736                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             897658                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             894769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             894531                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             891769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             891858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             36788                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4062                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              7532                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              4137                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              4979                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             14324                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              7645                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             26192                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739855                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739712                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           336694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           428670                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           442894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           411222                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           386266                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           421596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           294543                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           325276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               987                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               926                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               923                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1005                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           15294                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            9984                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            9646                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            9840                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           12040                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           10496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           18674                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles           18807                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71355     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3393016     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       19596      0.55%     96.39% |       17869      0.50%     96.89% |       17136      0.48%     97.38% |       17869      0.50%     97.88% |       18576      0.52%     98.41% |       18012      0.51%     98.91% |       18576      0.52%     99.44% |       19872      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3540532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3497521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3497521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4907085     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        3206      0.07%     99.58% |        2918      0.06%     99.64% |        2798      0.06%     99.69% |        2917      0.06%     99.75% |        3038      0.06%     99.81% |        2942      0.06%     99.87% |        3038      0.06%     99.93% |        3257      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4931199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13040     59.34%     59.34% |          10      0.05%     59.38% |        1145      5.21%     64.59% |        1203      5.47%     70.07% |        1026      4.67%     74.74% |        1059      4.82%     79.55% |        1139      5.18%     84.74% |        1076      4.90%     89.63% |        1130      5.14%     94.78% |        1148      5.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499119     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       15729      2.55%     83.43% |       14303      2.32%     85.75% |       13649      2.21%     87.96% |       14303      2.32%     90.28% |       14839      2.40%     92.68% |       14417      2.34%     95.02% |       14839      2.40%     97.42% |       15912      2.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         133     13.09%     13.09% |         124     12.20%     25.30% |         118     11.61%     36.91% |         124     12.20%     49.11% |         128     12.60%     61.71% |         125     12.30%     74.02% |         128     12.60%     86.61% |         136     13.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         809     13.24%     13.32% |         738     12.08%     25.40% |         709     11.60%     37.00% |         743     12.16%     49.16% |         766     12.53%     61.69% |         749     12.26%     73.95% |         770     12.60%     86.55% |         822     13.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161482     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |       13078      5.03%     67.16% |       11934      4.59%     71.76% |       11428      4.40%     76.15% |       11933      4.59%     80.74% |       12384      4.76%     85.51% |       12028      4.63%     90.14% |       12384      4.76%     94.90% |       13249      5.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         813     13.30%     13.39% |         733     11.99%     25.38% |         710     11.62%     37.00% |         735     12.03%     49.03% |         774     12.67%     61.69% |         741     12.13%     73.82% |         773     12.65%     86.47% |         827     13.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338512     95.11%     95.11% |           0      0.00%     95.11% |        2312      0.65%     95.76% |        2109      0.59%     96.35% |        2023      0.57%     96.92% |        2108      0.59%     97.51% |        2193      0.62%     98.13% |        2125      0.60%     98.72% |        2194      0.62%     99.34% |        2346      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377358     78.29%     78.29% |           0      0.00%     78.29% |       13962      2.90%     81.18% |       12554      2.60%     83.79% |       12141      2.52%     86.31% |       12691      2.63%     88.94% |       13184      2.74%     91.67% |       12796      2.65%     94.33% |       13195      2.74%     97.07% |       14139      2.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      161997     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.78% |       13891      5.21%     65.99% |       12668      4.75%     70.75% |       12138      4.55%     75.30% |       12668      4.75%     80.05% |       13158      4.94%     84.99% |       12769      4.79%     89.78% |       13158      4.94%     94.72% |       14076      5.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2312      0.99%     93.55% |        2108      0.90%     94.45% |        2023      0.86%     95.31% |        2108      0.90%     96.22% |        2193      0.94%     97.15% |        2125      0.91%     98.06% |        2193      0.94%     99.00% |        2346      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.69%     55.69% |           0      0.00%     55.69% |        1145      5.80%     61.49% |        1066      5.40%     66.88% |        1026      5.19%     72.07% |        1059      5.36%     77.43% |        1124      5.69%     83.12% |        1071      5.42%     88.55% |        1130      5.72%     94.27% |        1133      5.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     24.89%     24.89% |           0      0.00%     24.89% |         130      8.45%     33.33% |         257     16.70%     50.03% |         116      7.54%     57.57% |         120      7.80%     65.37% |         140      9.10%     74.46% |         121      7.86%     82.33% |         124      8.06%     90.38% |         148      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3376259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3376259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.93%     90.93% |           0      0.00%     90.93% |        1599      1.21%     92.13% |        1453      1.10%     93.23% |        1392      1.05%     94.28% |        1453      1.10%     95.38% |        1515      1.14%     96.52% |        1465      1.11%     97.63% |        1520      1.15%     98.77% |        1623      1.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693105     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5693      0.33%     97.86% |        5188      0.30%     98.15% |        4998      0.29%     98.44% |        5188      0.30%     98.74% |        5418      0.31%     99.05% |        5231      0.30%     99.35% |        5418      0.31%     99.67% |        5796      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26145    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         477     81.12%     81.12% |           5      0.85%     81.97% |           0      0.00%     81.97% |          91     15.48%     97.45% |           0      0.00%     97.45% |           0      0.00%     97.45% |           0      0.00%     97.45% |           0      0.00%     97.45% |           0      0.00%     97.45% |          15      2.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134776     60.21%     60.21% |           0      0.00%     60.21% |       11862      5.30%     65.51% |       10724      4.79%     70.30% |       10314      4.61%     74.91% |       10815      4.83%     79.74% |       11228      5.02%     84.76% |       10904      4.87%     89.63% |       11224      5.01%     94.64% |       11992      5.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         809     13.25%     13.25% |         738     12.09%     25.34% |         709     11.61%     36.95% |         743     12.17%     49.12% |         766     12.55%     61.66% |         749     12.27%     73.93% |         770     12.61%     86.54% |         822     13.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1525407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1525407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4661364     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         894      0.02%     99.88% |         810      0.02%     99.89% |         775      0.02%     99.91% |         809      0.02%     99.93% |         845      0.02%     99.94% |         817      0.02%     99.96% |         845      0.02%     99.98% |         911      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4668070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     75.09%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |          46     17.36%     92.45% |           0      0.00%     92.45% |           0      0.00%     92.45% |          15      5.66%     98.11% |           5      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.96%     93.96% |           0      0.00%     93.96% |        2100      0.81%     94.77% |        1830      0.71%     95.48% |        1827      0.71%     96.19% |        1876      0.73%     96.91% |        1956      0.76%     97.67% |        1892      0.73%     98.40% |        1971      0.76%     99.17% |        2147      0.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         133     13.09%     13.09% |         124     12.20%     25.30% |         118     11.61%     36.91% |         124     12.20%     49.11% |         128     12.60%     61.71% |         125     12.30%     74.02% |         128     12.60%     86.61% |         136     13.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     85.62%     85.62% |           0      0.00%     85.62% |          38      3.57%     89.19% |          39      3.67%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |          39      3.67%     96.52% |           0      0.00%     96.52% |          35      3.29%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161482     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |       13078      5.03%     67.16% |       11934      4.59%     71.76% |       11428      4.40%     76.15% |       11933      4.59%     80.74% |       12384      4.76%     85.51% |       12028      4.63%     90.14% |       12384      4.76%     94.90% |       13249      5.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         813     13.30%     13.39% |         733     11.99%     25.38% |         710     11.62%     37.00% |         735     12.03%     49.03% |         774     12.67%     61.69% |         741     12.13%     73.82% |         773     12.65%     86.47% |         827     13.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216631     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2312      0.99%     93.55% |        2108      0.90%     94.45% |        2023      0.86%     95.31% |        2108      0.90%     96.22% |        2193      0.94%     97.15% |        2125      0.91%     98.06% |        2193      0.94%     99.00% |        2346      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.27%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |          12      0.66%     97.92% |          13      0.71%     98.63% |           0      0.00%     98.63% |          13      0.71%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |          12      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377358     78.29%     78.29% |           0      0.00%     78.29% |       13962      2.90%     81.18% |       12554      2.60%     83.79% |       12141      2.52%     86.31% |       12691      2.63%     88.94% |       13184      2.74%     91.67% |       12796      2.65%     94.33% |       13195      2.74%     97.07% |       14139      2.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482020                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5097      4.20%     92.33% |        4946      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47057     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6460      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6720      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6108      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8658      3.25%     43.52% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5931      2.22%     54.46% |        6308      2.37%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6865      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7220      2.71%     71.03% |        7628      2.86%     73.89% |        6631      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6313      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7135      2.68%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16456      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.51% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6748      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8263      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56765     11.78%     11.78% |       15382      3.19%     14.97% |       12591      2.61%     17.58% |       14644      3.04%     20.62% |       13174      2.73%     23.35% |       12557      2.61%     25.96% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12746      2.64%     31.11% |       12943      2.69%     33.79% |       12604      2.61%     36.41% |       15355      3.19%     39.59% |       15608      3.24%     42.83% |       13979      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11848      2.46%     50.90% |       12303      2.55%     53.45% |       10384      2.15%     55.61% |       12651      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.94% |       14071      2.92%     63.86% |       14746      3.06%     66.92% |       15713      3.26%     70.18% |       13563      2.81%     73.00% |       13600      2.82%     75.82% |       13682      2.84%     78.66% |       13244      2.75%     81.40% |       13094      2.72%     84.12% |       12805      2.66%     86.78% |       15409      3.20%     89.97% |       13831      2.87%     92.84% |       16204      3.36%     96.20% |       18293      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482020                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.27%      4.27% |        4606      3.09%      7.35% |        4627      3.10%     10.45% |        4609      3.09%     13.54% |        4594      3.08%     16.62% |        4606      3.09%     19.70% |        4609      3.09%     22.79% |        4596      3.08%     25.87% |        4611      3.09%     28.96% |        4617      3.09%     32.05% |        4617      3.09%     35.14% |        4610      3.09%     38.23% |        4594      3.08%     41.31% |        4604      3.08%     44.39% |        4598      3.08%     47.47% |        4599      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.66% |        4612      3.09%     56.75% |        4627      3.10%     59.85% |        4617      3.09%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4629      3.10%     69.13% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4625      3.10%     78.41% |        4623      3.10%     81.50% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4607      3.09%     87.68% |        4609      3.09%     90.77% |        4593      3.08%     93.85% |        4595      3.08%     96.92% |        4591      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3274      3.14%      6.37% |        3303      3.17%      9.54% |        3269      3.14%     12.68% |        3275      3.14%     15.82% |        3240      3.11%     18.93% |        3248      3.12%     22.04% |        3248      3.12%     25.16% |        3252      3.12%     28.28% |        3287      3.15%     31.43% |        3299      3.17%     34.60% |        3264      3.13%     37.73% |        3279      3.15%     40.88% |        3275      3.14%     44.02% |        3277      3.14%     47.16% |        3247      3.12%     50.28% |        3256      3.12%     53.40% |        3247      3.12%     56.52% |        3248      3.12%     59.63% |        3216      3.09%     62.72% |        3236      3.10%     65.82% |        3220      3.09%     68.91% |        3236      3.10%     72.02% |        3211      3.08%     75.10% |        3257      3.12%     78.22% |        3287      3.15%     81.38% |        3273      3.14%     84.52% |        3215      3.08%     87.60% |        3254      3.12%     90.72% |        3243      3.11%     93.84% |        3216      3.09%     96.92% |        3209      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8919      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     19.26%     19.26% |           5      1.85%     21.11% |           8      2.96%     24.07% |           7      2.59%     26.67% |           6      2.22%     28.89% |           6      2.22%     31.11% |           5      1.85%     32.96% |           9      3.33%     36.30% |           7      2.59%     38.89% |           8      2.96%     41.85% |           7      2.59%     44.44% |           6      2.22%     46.67% |           8      2.96%     49.63% |           7      2.59%     52.22% |           7      2.59%     54.81% |           4      1.48%     56.30% |           3      1.11%     57.41% |           6      2.22%     59.63% |          10      3.70%     63.33% |           8      2.96%     66.30% |           5      1.85%     68.15% |          10      3.70%     71.85% |          11      4.07%     75.93% |           6      2.22%     78.15% |           7      2.59%     80.74% |           6      2.22%     82.96% |           8      2.96%     85.93% |           8      2.96%     88.89% |           9      3.33%     92.22% |           7      2.59%     94.81% |           9      3.33%     98.15% |           5      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3049     49.93%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |        3057     50.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2195     50.09%     50.09% |           1      0.02%     50.11% |           1      0.02%     50.14% |           1      0.02%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           1      0.02%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           0      0.00%     50.18% |           1      0.02%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |           0      0.00%     50.21% |        2182     49.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2611     15.07%     15.07% |         379      2.19%     17.25% |         392      2.26%     19.52% |         391      2.26%     21.77% |         398      2.30%     24.07% |         388      2.24%     26.31% |         401      2.31%     28.62% |         401      2.31%     30.94% |         388      2.24%     33.18% |         398      2.30%     35.47% |         428      2.47%     37.94% |         424      2.45%     40.39% |         428      2.47%     42.86% |         427      2.46%     45.32% |         432      2.49%     47.82% |         430      2.48%     50.30% |        2613     15.08%     65.38% |         409      2.36%     67.74% |         404      2.33%     70.07% |         386      2.23%     72.29% |         384      2.22%     74.51% |         393      2.27%     76.78% |         388      2.24%     79.02% |         388      2.24%     81.26% |         416      2.40%     83.66% |         427      2.46%     86.12% |         431      2.49%     88.61% |         396      2.29%     90.89% |         397      2.29%     93.18% |         397      2.29%     95.48% |         394      2.27%     97.75% |         390      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3049     49.89%     49.89% |           1      0.02%     49.91% |           1      0.02%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |        3057     50.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60423     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12751      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12239      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15512      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12004      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13986      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13240      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14902      3.02%     67.38% |       15875      3.21%     70.59% |       13720      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15564      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493962                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3802      3.07%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124030                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4721      3.13%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2594     15.52%     15.52% |         358      2.14%     17.66% |         373      2.23%     19.89% |         372      2.23%     22.11% |         379      2.27%     24.38% |         368      2.20%     26.58% |         379      2.27%     28.85% |         385      2.30%     31.15% |         370      2.21%     33.36% |         381      2.28%     35.64% |         408      2.44%     38.08% |         406      2.43%     40.51% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.42% |         410      2.45%     47.87% |         403      2.41%     50.28% |        2593     15.51%     65.79% |         389      2.33%     68.11% |         387      2.31%     70.43% |         367      2.20%     72.62% |         362      2.17%     74.79% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.20%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38228     28.13%     28.13% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2560      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2874      2.12%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2273      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4788      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2100      1.55%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3434      2.53%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.95% |        2990      2.20%     69.15% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3403      2.50%     73.97% |        3810      2.80%     76.77% |        2803      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2505      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3310      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135876                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11241     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.29% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.97% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1521      1.85%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.57% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82399                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4597      3.08%      7.34% |        4618      3.10%     10.44% |        4601      3.08%     13.52% |        4587      3.08%     16.60% |        4598      3.08%     19.68% |        4603      3.09%     22.77% |        4594      3.08%     25.85% |        4610      3.09%     28.94% |        4616      3.09%     32.03% |        4613      3.09%     35.13% |        4609      3.09%     38.22% |        4593      3.08%     41.30% |        4602      3.09%     44.38% |        4597      3.08%     47.46% |        4598      3.08%     50.55% |        4632      3.11%     53.65% |        4612      3.09%     56.74% |        4624      3.10%     59.84% |        4616      3.09%     62.94% |        4609      3.09%     66.03% |        4623      3.10%     69.13% |        4612      3.09%     72.22% |        4609      3.09%     75.31% |        4622      3.10%     78.41% |        4622      3.10%     81.51% |        4615      3.09%     84.60% |        4604      3.09%     87.69% |        4606      3.09%     90.78% |        4586      3.07%     93.85% |        4587      3.08%     96.93% |        4583      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         765      0.88%      0.88% |        2900      3.34%      4.22% |        2913      3.36%      7.58% |        2880      3.32%     10.90% |        2878      3.32%     14.21% |        2854      3.29%     17.50% |        2849      3.28%     20.78% |        2840      3.27%     24.05% |        2858      3.29%     27.34% |        2883      3.32%     30.67% |        2868      3.30%     33.97% |        2835      3.27%     37.24% |        2844      3.28%     40.51% |        2843      3.28%     43.79% |        2839      3.27%     47.06% |        2814      3.24%     50.30% |         642      0.74%     51.04% |        2832      3.26%     54.30% |        2836      3.27%     57.57% |        2823      3.25%     60.82% |        2848      3.28%     64.10% |        2823      3.25%     67.35% |        2839      3.27%     70.62% |        2819      3.25%     73.87% |        2837      3.27%     77.14% |        2855      3.29%     80.43% |        2836      3.27%     83.69% |        2814      3.24%     86.94% |        2851      3.28%     90.22% |        2846      3.28%     93.50% |        2821      3.25%     96.75% |        2822      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3049     49.89%     49.89% |           1      0.02%     49.91% |           1      0.02%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |        3057     50.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         506     49.80%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |         510     50.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1016                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56765     11.78%     11.78% |       15382      3.19%     14.97% |       12591      2.61%     17.58% |       14644      3.04%     20.62% |       13174      2.73%     23.35% |       12557      2.61%     25.96% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12746      2.64%     31.11% |       12943      2.69%     33.79% |       12604      2.61%     36.41% |       15355      3.19%     39.59% |       15608      3.24%     42.83% |       13979      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11848      2.46%     50.90% |       12303      2.55%     53.45% |       10384      2.15%     55.61% |       12651      2.62%     58.23% |       13086      2.71%     60.94% |       14071      2.92%     63.86% |       14746      3.06%     66.92% |       15713      3.26%     70.18% |       13563      2.81%     73.00% |       13600      2.82%     75.82% |       13682      2.84%     78.66% |       13244      2.75%     81.40% |       13094      2.72%     84.12% |       12805      2.66%     86.78% |       15409      3.20%     89.97% |       13831      2.87%     92.84% |       16204      3.36%     96.20% |       18293      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482020                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.86%      0.86% |          16      2.29%      3.14% |          17      2.43%      5.57% |          17      2.43%      8.00% |          18      2.57%     10.57% |          18      2.57%     13.14% |          20      2.86%     16.00% |          23      3.29%     19.29% |          24      3.43%     22.71% |          23      3.29%     26.00% |          23      3.29%     29.29% |          23      3.29%     32.57% |          23      3.29%     35.86% |          24      3.43%     39.29% |          28      4.00%     43.29% |          30      4.29%     47.57% |          21      3.00%     50.57% |          26      3.71%     54.29% |          25      3.57%     57.86% |          26      3.71%     61.57% |          26      3.71%     65.29% |          27      3.86%     69.14% |          26      3.71%     72.86% |          25      3.57%     76.43% |          24      3.43%     79.86% |          25      3.57%     83.43% |          24      3.43%     86.86% |          24      3.43%     90.29% |          24      3.43%     93.71% |          18      2.57%     96.29% |          13      1.86%     98.14% |          13      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           3     33.33%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.56%      0.56% |           3      1.69%      2.25% |           6      3.37%      5.62% |           6      3.37%      8.99% |           6      3.37%     12.36% |           4      2.25%     14.61% |           4      2.25%     16.85% |           8      4.49%     21.35% |           7      3.93%     25.28% |           7      3.93%     29.21% |           5      2.81%     32.02% |           5      2.81%     34.83% |           7      3.93%     38.76% |           5      2.81%     41.57% |           7      3.93%     45.51% |           4      2.25%     47.75% |           2      1.12%     48.88% |           6      3.37%     52.25% |           8      4.49%     56.74% |           7      3.93%     60.67% |           5      2.81%     63.48% |           7      3.93%     67.42% |           9      5.06%     72.47% |           5      2.81%     75.28% |           5      2.81%     78.09% |           5      2.81%     80.90% |           6      3.37%     84.27% |           6      3.37%     87.64% |           6      3.37%     91.01% |           5      2.81%     93.82% |           7      3.93%     97.75% |           4      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.96%      0.96% |          13      2.50%      3.45% |          11      2.11%      5.57% |          11      2.11%      7.68% |          12      2.30%      9.98% |          14      2.69%     12.67% |          16      3.07%     15.74% |          15      2.88%     18.62% |          17      3.26%     21.88% |          16      3.07%     24.95% |          18      3.45%     28.41% |          18      3.45%     31.86% |          16      3.07%     34.93% |          19      3.65%     38.58% |          21      4.03%     42.61% |          26      4.99%     47.60% |          19      3.65%     51.25% |          20      3.84%     55.09% |          16      3.07%     58.16% |          19      3.65%     61.80% |          21      4.03%     65.83% |          20      3.84%     69.67% |          17      3.26%     72.94% |          20      3.84%     76.78% |          19      3.65%     80.42% |          20      3.84%     84.26% |          18      3.45%     87.72% |          18      3.45%     91.17% |          18      3.45%     94.63% |          13      2.50%     97.12% |           6      1.15%     98.27% |           9      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2195     50.15%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |        2182     49.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4377                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2594     15.52%     15.52% |         358      2.14%     17.66% |         373      2.23%     19.89% |         372      2.23%     22.11% |         379      2.27%     24.38% |         368      2.20%     26.58% |         379      2.27%     28.85% |         385      2.30%     31.15% |         370      2.21%     33.36% |         381      2.28%     35.64% |         408      2.44%     38.08% |         406      2.43%     40.51% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.42% |         410      2.45%     47.87% |         403      2.41%     50.28% |        2593     15.51%     65.79% |         389      2.33%     68.11% |         387      2.31%     70.43% |         367      2.20%     72.62% |         362      2.17%     74.79% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.20%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3804      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3802      3.07%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         414      3.35%     53.61% |         390      3.16%     56.77% |         388      3.14%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.91% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.85% |         369      2.99%     71.84% |         367      2.97%     74.81% |         395      3.20%     78.01% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.34%     84.63% |         379      3.07%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4721      3.13%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60420     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12748      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12239      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15512      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12000      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13985      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13229      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14902      3.02%     67.37% |       15874      3.21%     70.59% |       13720      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13249      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2980     50.98%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |        2865     49.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          69     26.44%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |         192     73.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          69     26.44%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |           0      0.00%     26.44% |         192     73.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2980     50.94%     50.94% |           1      0.02%     50.96% |           1      0.02%     50.97% |           1      0.02%     50.99% |           0      0.00%     50.99% |           0      0.00%     50.99% |           1      0.02%     51.01% |           0      0.00%     51.01% |           0      0.00%     51.01% |           1      0.02%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |           0      0.00%     51.03% |        2865     48.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5850                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16543     10.35%     10.35% |       79910     50.00%     60.35% |        8498      5.32%     65.67% |        7707      4.82%     70.49% |        7355      4.60%     75.09% |        7870      4.92%     80.02% |        7854      4.91%     84.93% |        7766      4.86%     89.79% |        7881      4.93%     94.72% |        8436      5.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       159820                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16543     10.35%     10.35% |       79910     50.00%     60.35% |        8498      5.32%     65.67% |        7707      4.82%     70.49% |        7355      4.60%     75.09% |        7870      4.92%     80.02% |        7854      4.91%     84.93% |        7766      4.86%     89.79% |        7881      4.93%     94.72% |        8436      5.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       159820                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16543     10.35%     10.35% |       79910     50.00%     60.35% |        8498      5.32%     65.67% |        7707      4.82%     70.49% |        7355      4.60%     75.09% |        7870      4.92%     80.02% |        7854      4.91%     84.93% |        7766      4.86%     89.79% |        7881      4.93%     94.72% |        8436      5.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       159820                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16543     10.35%     10.35% |       79910     50.00%     60.35% |        8498      5.32%     65.67% |        7707      4.82%     70.49% |        7355      4.60%     75.09% |        7870      4.92%     80.02% |        7854      4.91%     84.93% |        7766      4.86%     89.79% |        7881      4.93%     94.72% |        8436      5.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       159820                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
