
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59792808500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235960887000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68501714                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4818656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   872.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39788452                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70775782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234719866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234719866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67026121                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67026121                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301745987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301745987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      590                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      358                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59792533500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        86038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.673307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.217015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.534049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41917     48.72%     48.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17961     20.88%     69.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14950     17.38%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2540      2.95%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1815      2.11%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1270      1.48%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1093      1.27%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          885      1.03%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3607      4.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        86038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.757435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.841325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11869     96.97%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          205      1.67%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           71      0.58%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           49      0.40%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           22      0.18%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.115931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.861544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12129     99.09%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            40      0.33%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.12%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           56      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3013196722                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7124377972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13742.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32492.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157471                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    212097.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10793609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1996540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    47000738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              328897800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              321534360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              179458125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              175440375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862508400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847657200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205694640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200076480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25647844545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24927476265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13376415000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14008317000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44506050750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44385733920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.361940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.349645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231654347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231654347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64233544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64233544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295887891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           295887891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      535                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      335                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59792052500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.388436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.325698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.112221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38325     47.10%     47.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17247     21.19%     68.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14451     17.76%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2514      3.09%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1846      2.27%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1277      1.57%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1116      1.37%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          942      1.16%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3657      4.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.269103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.343821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11375     96.90%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          181      1.54%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           86      0.73%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           46      0.39%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      0.13%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.111764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.077271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.849432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11641     99.17%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            31      0.26%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           49      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2892604023                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6950216523                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13366.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32116.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156290                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38745                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216295.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11221245750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1996540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46573743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              311041080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              304153920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169714875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              165957000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851627400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836284800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197549280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25340993595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24358619115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13645582500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14507314500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44421740970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44268857655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.951862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.394894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231661839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231661839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64253881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64253881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    295915720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           295915720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      509                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      285                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59792755000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.349189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.205555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.095894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38505     47.30%     47.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16888     20.75%     68.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14600     17.94%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2573      3.16%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1817      2.23%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1299      1.60%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1140      1.40%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      1.11%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3671      4.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.303582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.439695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11392     96.93%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          179      1.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           82      0.70%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           51      0.43%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           26      0.22%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.107547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.073403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.848258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11651     99.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            35      0.30%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           13      0.11%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           54      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2880937855                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6938831605                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13311.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32061.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156289                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216277.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11125563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1996540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46668783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              311449320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              303927120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              169937625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              165833250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851689800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197601120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25316768880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24502238595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13666832250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14381332500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44419511235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44286266505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.914570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.686057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231415656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231415656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64196081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64196081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295611737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295611737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216204                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      500                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      296                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59792062500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216204                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.813270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.463823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.748653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38253     47.14%     47.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16876     20.80%     67.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14685     18.10%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2490      3.07%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1809      2.23%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1290      1.59%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1134      1.40%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          870      1.07%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3737      4.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.317535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.142624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11373     96.95%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          169      1.44%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           87      0.74%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           49      0.42%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           31      0.26%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.112437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.077464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.854989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11632     99.16%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            28      0.24%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           20      0.17%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           51      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2912037351                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6965656101                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13469.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32219.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38757                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216496.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11017310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1996540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46777893750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              309680280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              303768360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              168972375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              165746625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850324800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197244720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3905232240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25235345520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24310024335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13738259250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14549944500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44405059185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44262028860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.672797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.280621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472829                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.455776                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.084630                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.015827                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455389     99.77%     99.77% |       15231      0.20%     99.97% |        1650      0.02%     99.99% |         495      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472829                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20898386                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.637968                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450214                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.969126                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20034439     95.87%     95.87% |      852090      4.08%     99.94% |        5462      0.03%     99.97% |        2645      0.01%     99.98% |         772      0.00%     99.99% |         431      0.00%     99.99% |         375      0.00%     99.99% |         479      0.00%     99.99% |        1693      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20898386                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20898381                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.516890                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.777771                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.410262                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20881055     99.92%     99.92% |       15072      0.07%     99.99% |        1015      0.00%     99.99% |         591      0.00%    100.00% |         362      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20898381                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19673162                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000240                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015486                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19668446     99.98%     99.98% |        4715      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19673162                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225219                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.381201                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.854026                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       121.616133                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207893     98.59%     98.59% |       15072      1.23%     99.82% |        1015      0.08%     99.90% |         591      0.05%     99.95% |         362      0.03%     99.98% |         166      0.01%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225219                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814870                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814870                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14119874                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14561089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4754785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4879075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111466                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22668                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53001                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1886798                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45278                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3085                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           63                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           52                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           94                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9342381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9342381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9417790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9342381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4619040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9342380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078123                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5727452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5727452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5771175                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5727452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3761751                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3754908                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5727452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240903                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240903                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272844                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240903                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2058974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057271                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240903                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035463                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3778250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1936744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3752240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031377                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4040671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4040671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4061375                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4040671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2439033                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2436695                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4040671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3752231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3752231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770462                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2170067                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169363                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3752231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856309                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082974                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082395                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040329                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3745133                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810541                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1809940                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031110                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546879                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324309                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2959632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2959632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2972105                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2959632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1649089                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1648616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2959632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024749                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064419                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064419                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064419                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910372                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910243                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064419                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785245                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014492                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995115                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011054                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010934                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016655                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801082                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800996                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014791                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454799                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454752                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062644                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008886                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495930                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495930                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500106                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495930                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676437                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676298                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495930                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012509                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041417                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821996                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821878                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035750                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017023                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618285                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618285                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622026                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618285                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688993                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688917                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618285                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013532                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507626                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507626                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513049                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507626                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707406                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507626                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012607                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893654                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398364                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007451                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889383                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451682                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007433                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985779                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541388                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541322                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948998                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474095                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007929                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407315                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007097                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971846                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971846                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971846                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530177                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971846                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008127                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935615                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462277                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004995                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899845                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879673                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032241                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3673976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3673976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3673976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734396                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3673976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030723                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761610                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761610                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793664                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761610                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696927                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695862                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761610                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031455                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852706                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770218                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769389                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031948                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6349621     29.35%     29.35% |    14162171     65.46%     94.81% |     1123617      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21635409                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6349623     29.35%     29.35% |    14162172     65.46%     94.81% |     1123617      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21635412                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154826741                       |   334739257                       |    25525805                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15312565                       |    45476004                       |     1124457                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.383619                       |   23.636154                       |   22.717532                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.411571                       |    3.211090                       |    1.000748                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.807814                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.861653                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.669467                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002839                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062029      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062217      7.11%     14.21% |    0.062001      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062145      7.11%     28.40% |    0.144595     16.53%     44.94% |    0.144295     16.50%     61.44% |    0.144638     16.54%     77.98% |    0.144334     16.51%     94.48% |    0.012055      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012061      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012058      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012059      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.874487                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021674                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022623                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002798                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002144                       |    0.002132                       |    0.002137                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004928                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002456                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002398                       |    0.002524                       |    0.002512                       |    0.002559                       |    0.002495                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002447                       |    0.002431                       |    0.002418                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002466                       |    0.002485                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002453                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002502                       |    0.002491                       |    0.002604                       |    0.002644                       |    0.010989                       |    0.010843                       |    0.010843                       |    0.010832                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000637                       |    0.007456                       |    0.000903                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000846                       |    0.000861                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000865                       |    0.000814                       |    0.000823                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002565                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002663                       |    0.001998                       |    0.004022                       |    0.002593                       |    0.000814                       |    0.003668                       |    0.007096                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002592                       |    0.005548                       |           0                       |    0.008228                       |    0.012139                       |    0.003735                       |    0.004847                       |    0.002557                       |    0.000903                       |    0.007811                       |    0.008472                       |    0.010873                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002543                       |    0.000859                       |    0.010283                       |    0.006717                       |    0.006944                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |    0.005412                       |           0                       |    0.011229                       |    0.007144                       |    0.004402                       |           0                       |    0.002555                       |           0                       |    0.005009                       |    0.003576                       |    0.003351                       |           0                       |    0.002583                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002001                       |           0                       |    0.002542                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002134                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002546                       |    0.000823                       |    0.004846                       |    0.003417                       |    0.006907                       |    0.002179                       |    0.004030                       |    0.002568                       |    0.000846                       |    0.003843                       |    0.009540                       |    0.010035                       |    0.002927                       |    0.027440                       |    0.004235                       |    0.000637                       |    0.006872                       |    0.014748                       |    0.017788                       |    0.006405                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002565                       |    0.007456                       |    0.006205                       |    0.012332                       |    0.013008                       |    0.006325                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002526                       |    0.000861                       |    0.005662                       |    0.007865                       |    0.006781                       |    0.003651                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.002338                       |    0.004912                       |    0.003406                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.002533                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.002453                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.002573                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002517                       |           0                       |    0.002615                       |           0                       |    0.004265                       |    0.003318                       |    0.004539                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002655                       |    0.005413                       |           0                       |    0.002933                       |    0.008042                       |    0.009909                       |    0.002504                       |    0.004031                       |    0.002523                       |    0.000847                       |    0.016694                       |    0.007528                       |    0.006088                       |    0.002619                       |    0.004042                       |    0.002504                       |    0.000865                       |    0.005326                       |    0.010281                       |    0.005565                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002648                       |    0.005407                       |           0                       |    0.003602                       |    0.011279                       |    0.006442                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |           0                       |    0.001610                       |    0.004906                       |    0.003224                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.002562                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002517                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002420                       |           0                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002006                       |           0                       |    0.004355                       |           0                       |    0.002504                       |           0                       |    0.003015                       |    0.001509                       |    0.005481                       |           0                       |    0.002619                       |           0                       |    0.008320                       |    0.003232                       |    0.002852                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002012                       |    0.006355                       |    0.002638                       |           0                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.004351                       |    0.005686                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004914                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002467                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.874487                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8048858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8048858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6147268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5517582                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.756653                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          743729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29467                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12359505                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52695                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9940863                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44999                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12412200                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9985862                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22300368                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97694                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22398062                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4886205                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9751                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4895956                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4886205                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9751                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4895956                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112757244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17679847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48177306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8048858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6261311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90082800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          757128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       232601                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321204                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4885530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137970                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    109002503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92416590     84.78%     84.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1693109      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1173298      1.08%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2676856      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1598459      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           732224      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1376331      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           865336      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6470300      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    109002503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10427484                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86767256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839731                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5589461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82450826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12526155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49767030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6483888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9023031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30823828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81037364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8070866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90533761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184945553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118178259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78047270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34362018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7602926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10164792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2636744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2430334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78963387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       659461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82107086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62818                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    109002503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76860183     70.51%     70.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12290053     11.28%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6450519      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4677719      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3485827      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3220022      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483389      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339242      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195549      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    109002503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181159     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631769     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84559      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273039      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59222680     72.13%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12498448     15.22%     87.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10032462     12.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82107086                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.728176                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274286481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87447904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75964449                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82731486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2388068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155203                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2674                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5594511                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7143659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34299183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79622848                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7602926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10164792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       650245                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         631661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447961                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179411                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393539                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81529435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12348656                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22304319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6483757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9955663                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.723053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76045040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75964485                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45958296                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76149450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       596643                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107610412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84661666     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7996380      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4375212      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2460600      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2645229      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2086525      1.94%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480909      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482948      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2420943      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107610412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39788451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70775779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16093146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6447719                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6102048                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70401522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       664945                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54445850     76.93%     77.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6447719      9.11%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9645427     13.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70775779                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2420943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184725778                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160619227                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85286                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3754741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39788451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70775779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.833919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.833919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352868                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352868                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120349247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59195977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29761783                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24627968                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35450291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10694480500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean             10694480500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408205                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.987578                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.215099                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.563486                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3390906     99.49%     99.49% |       15105      0.44%     99.94% |        1637      0.05%     99.98% |         493      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408205                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039186                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.026422                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989502                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.510380                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873403     71.14%     71.14% |     1165642     28.86%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039186                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25438                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.379865                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.899991                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.877458                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         794      3.12%      3.12% |        3490     13.72%     16.84% |       11435     44.95%     61.79% |        5145     20.23%     82.02% |        4149     16.31%     98.33% |         366      1.44%     99.77% |          53      0.21%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25438                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6148943                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.342339                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.113371                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.658846                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6134821     99.77%     99.77% |       11870      0.19%     99.96% |        1013      0.02%     99.98% |         591      0.01%     99.99% |         362      0.01%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6148943                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5344950                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.022996                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5342125     99.95%     99.95% |        2824      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5344950                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803993                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.462841                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.951140                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    130.287032                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789871     98.24%     98.24% |       11870      1.48%     99.72% |        1013      0.13%     99.85% |         591      0.07%     99.92% |         362      0.05%     99.96% |         166      0.02%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803993                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9712785                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.810165                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362396                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.550024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9523571     98.05%     98.05% |      166901      1.72%     99.77% |       19080      0.20%     99.97% |         286      0.00%     99.97% |        1278      0.01%     99.98% |        1483      0.02%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9712785                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9425144                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000187                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000162                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013691                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9423377     99.98%     99.98% |        1767      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9425144                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287641                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.418901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.849606                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.516802                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98427     34.22%     34.22% |      166901     58.02%     92.24% |       19080      6.63%     98.88% |         286      0.10%     98.98% |        1278      0.44%     99.42% |        1483      0.52%     99.94% |         181      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287641                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4879072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.087876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256530                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.713190                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4865419     99.72%     99.72% |       11224      0.23%     99.95% |        2166      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4879072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4754785                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4754784    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4754785                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.962667                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.158979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.088072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11224      9.03%     98.05% |        2166      1.74%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.83% |          95      0.08%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156275                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.754209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647745                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.200659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154295     98.73%     98.73% |        1526      0.98%     99.71% |         394      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156275                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146884     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.012948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.738714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.787874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.64%     78.64% |        1526     16.47%     95.10% |         394      4.25%     99.35% |          19      0.21%     99.56% |          19      0.21%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13458                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       592945                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62735                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   109122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  109014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108403                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   867                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5877                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  318774                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  211808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  385240                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  215525                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117801                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  196773                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  328865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  191973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  107856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 216592                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 376617                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 225105                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 118862                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31021961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31165556                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31027108                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30936502                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31041469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31213440                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31049690                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30946200                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31024942                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31195069                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31031346                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30936781                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31065064                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31217361                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31068533                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30970412                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31046040                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31248309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31055838                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957164                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108032                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107994                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53478                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6300                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53540                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6302                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107265                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                806                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                806                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               826                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               849                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               716                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               726                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               767                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4075                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4079                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1138                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 748722                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8742701                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1184342                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8928430                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 695847                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8708487                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1136604                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                8983214                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 680196                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8610108                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1172852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8839045                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                693785                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8659029                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1140779                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8833422                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                675360                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8559096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1186562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8746791                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                694465                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8549528                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1204083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8766175                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                669789                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9212303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1159478                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9314967                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                735912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8922775                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1240149                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9054074                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                710752                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                616407                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8658654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1127511                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8841201                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                671051                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8626253                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1085952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8897616                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                657205                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8526145                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1115307                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8752153                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               668165                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8576430                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1091018                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8747763                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               651931                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8475018                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1129661                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8659955                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               669576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8466873                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1148823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8680657                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               646720                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9125157                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1100433                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9224863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               706079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8837263                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1176524                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8965520                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               684011                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268149                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571462                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             460966                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             578967                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              90613                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             570549                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             406022                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             578368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              92689                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            574304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            452863                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             92751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            571038                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            417576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577850                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             95108                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571078                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            464357                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            578529                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             94161                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            572113                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            452420                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            578785                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            573662                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            458966                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            576436                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             97562                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            572666                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            501580                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578111                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             93410                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               929968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113185                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116154                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121762                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105382                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109200                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              112559                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116772                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120492                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              102066                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105776                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              109106                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113399                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115566                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120872                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              101629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              109340                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136748                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141746                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124584                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128942                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              132715                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           616407                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8658654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1127511                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8841201                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           671051                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8626253                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1085952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8897616                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           657205                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8526145                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1115307                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8752153                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          668165                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8576430                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1091018                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8747763                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          651931                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8475018                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1129661                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8659955                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          669576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8466873                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1148823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8680657                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          646720                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9125157                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1100433                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9224863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          706079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8837263                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1176524                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8965520                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          684011                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263028                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571462                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        460898                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        578967                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         90358                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        570549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        405268                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        578368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         92556                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       574304                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       452778                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        92457                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       571038                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       417069                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577850                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        94813                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571078                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       464357                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       578529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        94101                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       572113                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       452420                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       578785                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94547                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       573662                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       458593                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       576436                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        97466                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       572666                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       501048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578111                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        93387                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          614102                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113185                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120867                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105382                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108399                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         112559                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116772                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119596                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         102066                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108304                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113399                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119980                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         101629                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104836                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         108535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141746                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142177                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124584                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128942                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         131733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             748465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8672957                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1127511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8856618                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             686068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8638743                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1085952                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8911392                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             670689                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8540364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1115307                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8767223                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            683152                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8589285                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1091018                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8761610                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            665637                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8489352                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1129661                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8674969                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            684576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8479784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1148823                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8694358                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            660440                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9142559                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1100433                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9243145                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            724241                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8853031                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1176524                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           8982257                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            700665                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              2092                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1016                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1913                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               896                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             2133                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1009                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1975                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              952                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2102                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1108                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2083                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1002                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2374                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1189                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2207                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1452                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103307132                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104162831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108807003                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103307128                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104162827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108806999                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103307134                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104162833                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108807005                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103307130                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104162829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108807001                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98680252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103307139                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104162838                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108807010                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98680248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103307135                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104162834                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108807006                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98680264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103307151                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104162850                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108807022                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98680260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103307147                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104162846                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108807018                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11219899                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15289597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11246311                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14884536                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10752860                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15268845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11252546                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14862396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10746389                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15240950                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11245456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14844672                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10752989                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15223004                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11251202                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14823593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10742305                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15199110                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11251415                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14795248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10752612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15197611                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11239972                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14796011                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10736329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15494973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11258365                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15082161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10770272                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15387439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11255865                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14990597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10760091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              673                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2985                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47777                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3041                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            2339                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            2392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             725                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1031                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            2100                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            2667                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             720                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             669                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           2264                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           2378                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1666                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1001                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           2082                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           2609                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            719                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles            986                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           1266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           2376                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           2202                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            926                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           2227                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           2340                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            715                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles            976                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           1872                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           2726                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           3098                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles            975                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           1116                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2809                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           2092                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            850                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219264     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219290     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.92%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868351                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154348     25.03%     25.03% |      154125     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616533                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219264     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154348     25.03%     25.03% |      154125     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616533                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219263     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.93%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868324                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4760737     77.41%     77.41% |          76      0.00%     77.41% |      181987      2.96%     80.37% |      172515      2.81%     83.18% |      172387      2.80%     85.98% |      172387      2.80%     88.78% |      172643      2.81%     91.59% |      172603      2.81%     94.40% |      172555      2.81%     97.20% |      172003      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6149893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4879139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4879139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9802790     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9871856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15734     73.13%     73.13% |          71      0.33%     73.46% |        2322     10.79%     84.26% |         487      2.26%     86.52% |         489      2.27%     88.79% |         480      2.23%     91.02% |         487      2.26%     93.29% |         502      2.33%     95.62% |         451      2.10%     97.72% |         491      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561702     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96182      7.90%     54.06% |       79878      6.56%     60.62% |       79857      6.56%     67.18% |       79864      6.56%     73.74% |       79866      6.56%     80.31% |       80089      6.58%     86.89% |       79709      6.55%     93.44% |       79874      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.71%     14.42% |         134     13.60%     28.02% |         135     13.71%     41.73% |         136     13.81%     55.53% |         137     13.91%     69.44% |         165     16.75%     86.19% |         136     13.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          77      2.62%      3.20% |         404     13.75%     16.94% |         413     14.05%     31.00% |         406     13.81%     44.81% |         412     14.02%     58.83% |         424     14.43%     73.26% |         375     12.76%     86.02% |         411     13.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           2      2.74%     90.41% |           2      2.74%     93.15% |           4      5.48%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154477     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79720      9.99%     40.08% |       79727      9.99%     50.06% |       79734      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79915     10.01%     80.05% |       79536      9.96%     90.01% |       79723      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2271     77.27%     77.75% |          97      3.30%     81.05% |          96      3.27%     84.31% |          90      3.06%     87.38% |          89      3.03%     90.40% |         105      3.57%     93.98% |          92      3.13%     97.11% |          85      2.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411001     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8691      2.05%     99.04% |         582      0.14%     99.18% |         559      0.13%     99.31% |         564      0.13%     99.44% |         573      0.14%     99.58% |         591      0.14%     99.72% |         602      0.14%     99.86% |         592      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.50%     37.50% |          17      9.24%     46.74% |          16      8.70%     55.43% |          17      9.24%     64.67% |          16      8.70%     73.37% |          19     10.33%     83.70% |          16      8.70%     92.39% |          14      7.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          17      7.59%     52.23% |          16      7.14%     59.38% |          17      7.59%     66.96% |          18      8.04%     75.00% |          21      9.38%     84.38% |          20      8.93%     93.30% |          15      6.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438208     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79002      7.28%     56.31% |       78992      7.28%     63.59% |       79005      7.28%     70.87% |       78996      7.28%     78.15% |       79201      7.30%     85.45% |       78801      7.26%     92.72% |       79007      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153614     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88206     10.99%     30.14% |       80079      9.98%     40.12% |       80067      9.98%     50.10% |       80074      9.98%     60.08% |       80069      9.98%     70.06% |       80266     10.00%     80.06% |       79925      9.96%     90.02% |       80065      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8488      2.86%     99.27% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         302      0.10%     99.47% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         335      0.11%     99.79% |         296      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11273     67.33%     67.33% |           0      0.00%     67.33% |        2296     13.71%     81.04% |         456      2.72%     83.77% |         458      2.74%     86.50% |         452      2.70%     89.20% |         459      2.74%     91.94% |         470      2.81%     94.75% |         420      2.51%     97.26% |         459      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1461     91.77%     91.77% |          38      2.39%     94.16% |          12      0.75%     94.91% |           9      0.57%     95.48% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.98% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     91.94%     91.94% |           0      0.00%     91.94% |           0      0.00%     91.94% |           0      0.00%     91.94% |           1      1.61%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           1      1.61%     95.16% |           3      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         829     42.93%     42.93% |           0      0.00%     42.93% |          18      0.93%     43.86% |         154      7.98%     51.84% |         149      7.72%     59.55% |         148      7.66%     67.22% |         149      7.72%     74.94% |         154      7.98%     82.91% |         180      9.32%     92.23% |         150      7.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87976     12.37%     14.09% |       87472     12.30%     26.39% |       87295     12.28%     38.67% |       86959     12.23%     50.90% |       87596     12.32%     63.22% |       87339     12.28%     75.50% |       87260     12.27%     87.77% |       86958     12.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4754785    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4754785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.91%     13.91% |           0      0.00%     13.91% |          15      9.93%     23.84% |          17     11.26%     35.10% |          16     10.60%     45.70% |          17     11.26%     56.95% |          16     10.60%     67.55% |          19     12.58%     80.13% |          16     10.60%     90.73% |          14      9.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2213     89.74%     89.74% |          14      0.57%     90.31% |          26      1.05%     91.36% |          31      1.26%     92.62% |          31      1.26%     93.88% |          28      1.14%     95.01% |          28      1.14%     96.15% |          32      1.30%     97.45% |          31      1.26%     98.70% |          32      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122549     94.15%     94.15% |           0      0.00%     94.15% |        2572      1.98%     96.12% |         722      0.55%     96.68% |         716      0.55%     97.23% |         711      0.55%     97.77% |         721      0.55%     98.33% |         734      0.56%     98.89% |         728      0.56%     99.45% |         717      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595903     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |        5568      0.34%     97.92% |        4731      0.29%     98.21% |        4788      0.29%     98.50% |        5117      0.31%     98.81% |        4743      0.29%     99.10% |        4761      0.29%     99.40% |        5133      0.31%     99.71% |        4744      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25204     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3075      6.19%     56.93% |        3057      6.15%     63.08% |        3065      6.17%     69.25% |        3065      6.17%     75.42% |        3059      6.16%     81.58% |        3063      6.17%     87.74% |        3041      6.12%     93.86% |        3048      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1947     97.16%     97.16% |          57      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127207     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82416     11.08%     28.18% |       76338     10.26%     38.44% |       76329     10.26%     48.70% |       76342     10.26%     58.96% |       76336     10.26%     69.23% |       76511     10.29%     79.51% |       76073     10.23%     89.74% |       76345     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          63     10.23%     10.88% |          73     11.85%     22.73% |          81     13.15%     35.88% |          75     12.18%     48.05% |          79     12.82%     60.88% |          89     14.45%     75.32% |          74     12.01%     87.34% |          78     12.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2996566     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         223      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2998362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9489956     99.65%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3623      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9523750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311001     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2664      0.78%     95.29% |        2663      0.78%     96.07% |        2663      0.78%     96.85% |        2660      0.78%     97.63% |        2690      0.79%     98.42% |        2728      0.80%     99.22% |        2662      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      9.86%      9.86% |           9     12.68%     22.54% |           8     11.27%     33.80% |           9     12.68%     46.48% |          10     14.08%     60.56% |          11     15.49%     76.06% |           7      9.86%     85.92% |          10     14.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.25%     15.41% |         332     14.29%     29.70% |         331     14.25%     43.95% |         333     14.33%     58.29% |         335     14.42%     72.71% |         301     12.96%     85.67% |         333     14.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154477     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79720      9.99%     40.08% |       79727      9.99%     50.06% |       79734      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79915     10.01%     80.05% |       79536      9.96%     90.01% |       79723      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2271     77.27%     77.75% |          97      3.30%     81.05% |          96      3.27%     84.31% |          90      3.06%     87.38% |          89      3.03%     90.40% |         105      3.57%     93.98% |          92      3.13%     97.11% |          85      2.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124882     98.30%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |         267      0.21%     98.51% |         271      0.21%     98.72% |         256      0.20%     98.93% |         262      0.21%     99.13% |         266      0.21%     99.34% |         258      0.20%     99.55% |         309      0.24%     99.79% |         269      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           2      2.74%     90.41% |           2      2.74%     93.15% |           4      5.48%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286119     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         303      0.10%     99.47% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         307      0.10%     99.68% |         333      0.11%     99.79% |         293      0.10%     99.89% |         323      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.50%     37.50% |          17      9.24%     46.74% |          16      8.70%     55.43% |          17      9.24%     64.67% |          16      8.70%     73.37% |          19     10.33%     83.70% |          16      8.70%     92.39% |          14      7.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          17      7.59%     52.23% |          16      7.14%     59.38% |          17      7.59%     66.96% |          18      8.04%     75.00% |          21      9.38%     84.38% |          20      8.93%     93.30% |          15      6.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438208     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79002      7.28%     56.31% |       78992      7.28%     63.59% |       79005      7.28%     70.87% |       78996      7.28%     78.15% |       79201      7.30%     85.45% |       78801      7.26%     92.72% |       79007      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3487      2.80%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3270      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3912      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.35%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3559      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3096      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.49% |        3649      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.91% |        3966      3.19%     88.10% |        5246      4.22%     92.32% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4467      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64987      8.08%      8.08% |       24836      3.09%     11.17% |       23705      2.95%     14.12% |       24439      3.04%     17.16% |       23818      2.96%     20.12% |       23534      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24584      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.51% |       25147      3.13%     55.64% |       23720      2.95%     58.59% |       23915      2.97%     61.57% |       23905      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26301      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14715      4.96%      4.96% |        8837      2.98%      7.94% |        9239      3.11%     11.05% |        8681      2.92%     13.97% |        9391      3.16%     17.14% |        8832      2.98%     20.11% |        8952      3.02%     23.13% |        8611      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         132     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |           1      0.66%     88.08% |           1      0.66%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           2      1.32%     90.07% |           1      0.66%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           7      4.64%     95.36% |           1      0.66%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           1      0.66%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |           2      1.32%     98.01% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76708      7.07%      7.07% |       33080      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.11% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.86% |       33636      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35244      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9270      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19501      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19297      3.13%     15.68% |       19255      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19250      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19322      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19305      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19293      3.13%     56.30% |       19248      3.12%     59.42% |       19217      3.12%     62.54% |       19241      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19285      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19227      3.12%     87.51% |       19250      3.12%     90.63% |       19255      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19285      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29887      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.12%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27058      3.12%     15.92% |       27028      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27023      3.11%     25.25% |       27052      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27080      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27040      3.11%     59.53% |       26997      3.11%     62.64% |       27019      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27071      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27000      3.11%     87.55% |       27031      3.11%     90.66% |       27021      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.88% |       27049      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26092      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25995      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26007      3.11%     90.66% |       25997      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         233      8.88%      8.88% |          78      2.97%     11.85% |          84      3.20%     15.05% |          84      3.20%     18.25% |          95      3.62%     21.87% |          92      3.51%     25.38% |          72      2.74%     28.12% |          76      2.90%     31.02% |          80      3.05%     34.07% |          74      2.82%     36.89% |          78      2.97%     39.86% |          73      2.78%     42.64% |          78      2.97%     45.62% |          70      2.67%     48.29% |          72      2.74%     51.03% |          70      2.67%     53.70% |          71      2.71%     56.40% |          75      2.86%     59.26% |          77      2.93%     62.20% |          74      2.82%     65.02% |          71      2.71%     67.72% |          77      2.93%     70.66% |          74      2.82%     73.48% |          73      2.78%     76.26% |          74      2.82%     79.08% |          78      2.97%     82.05% |          78      2.97%     85.02% |          79      3.01%     88.03% |          80      3.05%     91.08% |          78      2.97%     94.05% |          85      3.24%     97.29% |          71      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.27%     96.27% |           4      0.65%     96.92% |           3      0.49%     97.40% |           3      0.49%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           1      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         506     18.03%     18.03% |          94      3.35%     21.38% |          90      3.21%     24.58% |          90      3.21%     27.79% |          69      2.46%     30.25% |          69      2.46%     32.70% |          69      2.46%     35.16% |          69      2.46%     37.62% |          69      2.46%     40.08% |          69      2.46%     42.54% |          69      2.46%     44.99% |          69      2.46%     47.45% |          72      2.57%     50.02% |          69      2.46%     52.48% |          70      2.49%     54.97% |          69      2.46%     57.43% |          69      2.46%     59.89% |          97      3.46%     63.34% |          98      3.49%     66.83% |          98      3.49%     70.32% |          69      2.46%     72.78% |          69      2.46%     75.24% |          71      2.53%     77.77% |          69      2.46%     80.23% |          69      2.46%     82.69% |          70      2.49%     85.18% |          69      2.46%     87.64% |          69      2.46%     90.10% |          71      2.53%     92.63% |          69      2.46%     95.08% |          69      2.46%     97.54% |          69      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1063      5.86%      5.86% |         530      2.92%      8.78% |         544      3.00%     11.77% |         528      2.91%     14.68% |         543      2.99%     17.68% |         535      2.95%     20.62% |         523      2.88%     23.51% |         540      2.98%     26.48% |         549      3.02%     29.51% |         539      2.97%     32.48% |         579      3.19%     35.67% |         560      3.09%     38.75% |         587      3.23%     41.99% |         580      3.20%     45.18% |         563      3.10%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         574      3.16%     54.54% |         584      3.22%     57.76% |         545      3.00%     60.76% |         526      2.90%     63.66% |         536      2.95%     66.62% |         544      3.00%     69.61% |         531      2.93%     72.54% |         537      2.96%     75.50% |         565      3.11%     78.61% |         564      3.11%     81.72% |         557      3.07%     84.79% |         543      2.99%     87.78% |         538      2.96%     90.74% |         556      3.06%     93.81% |         544      3.00%     96.80% |         580      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         764     26.00%     26.00% |          75      2.55%     28.55% |          72      2.45%     31.00% |          72      2.45%     33.45% |          69      2.35%     35.79% |          69      2.35%     38.14% |          69      2.35%     40.49% |          69      2.35%     42.84% |          69      2.35%     45.19% |          69      2.35%     47.53% |          69      2.35%     49.88% |          69      2.35%     52.23% |          73      2.48%     54.71% |          69      2.35%     57.06% |          70      2.38%     59.44% |          69      2.35%     61.79% |          70      2.38%     64.17% |          73      2.48%     66.66% |          74      2.52%     69.17% |          73      2.48%     71.66% |          69      2.35%     74.00% |          69      2.35%     76.35% |          71      2.42%     78.77% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.46% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.19% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.42%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77852      7.11%      7.11% |       33393      3.05%     10.16% |       32688      2.98%     13.14% |       32859      3.00%     16.14% |       33107      3.02%     19.16% |       32033      2.92%     22.09% |       31957      2.92%     25.01% |       31674      2.89%     27.90% |       33955      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34275      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32544      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33171      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35579      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         411      3.04%      9.09% |         403      2.98%     12.07% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         398      2.94%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.08% |         418      3.09%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         431      3.18%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         460      3.40%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         431      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.32% |         420      3.10%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.36% |         405      2.99%     65.35% |         425      3.14%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         440      3.25%     77.79% |         443      3.27%     81.06% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         422      3.12%     87.46% |         416      3.07%     90.54% |         437      3.23%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13538                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.01% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5943      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1207     44.23%     44.23% |         198      7.26%     51.48% |         175      6.41%     57.90% |         181      6.63%     64.53% |          14      0.51%     65.04% |         248      9.09%     74.13% |          14      0.51%     74.64% |           5      0.18%     74.83% |           3      0.11%     74.94% |           1      0.04%     74.97% |          16      0.59%     75.56% |           4      0.15%     75.71% |           1      0.04%     75.74% |           1      0.04%     75.78% |          39      1.43%     77.21% |          16      0.59%     77.79% |           9      0.33%     78.12% |         160      5.86%     83.99% |         213      7.81%     91.79% |         164      6.01%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          76     71.70%     71.70% |           6      5.66%     77.36% |           2      1.89%     79.25% |           5      4.72%     83.96% |           0      0.00%     83.96% |           1      0.94%     84.91% |           1      0.94%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           1      0.94%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           5      4.72%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           3      2.83%     94.34% |           1      0.94%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           1      0.94%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      0.94%     97.17% |           1      0.94%     98.11% |           2      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         132     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |           1      0.66%     88.08% |           1      0.66%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           2      1.32%     90.07% |           1      0.66%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           7      4.64%     95.36% |           1      0.66%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           1      0.66%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |           2      1.32%     98.01% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         888      6.38%      6.38% |         387      2.78%      9.15% |         410      2.94%     12.10% |         402      2.89%     14.98% |         421      3.02%     18.01% |         400      2.87%     20.88% |         401      2.88%     23.76% |         416      2.99%     26.74% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.58% |         430      3.09%     35.67% |         429      3.08%     38.75% |         455      3.27%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.22% |         428      3.07%     48.29% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.58% |         450      3.23%     57.81% |         422      3.03%     60.84% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         421      3.02%     69.62% |         401      2.88%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.90% |         413      2.97%     90.87% |         435      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39565     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.18% |        2327      1.74%     42.92% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3814      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.88% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.68% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.07% |        2887      2.16%     77.23% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.04% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.75% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5521      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8544      8.10%      8.10% |        2869      2.72%     10.82% |        3267      3.10%     13.92% |        2697      2.56%     16.47% |        3399      3.22%     19.69% |        2857      2.71%     22.40% |        2982      2.83%     25.23% |        2655      2.52%     27.74% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.84% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.86% |        3460      3.28%     65.14% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9224      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6637      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18478      3.08%      3.08% |       18831      3.13%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18806      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18775      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18782      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         764     26.00%     26.00% |          75      2.55%     28.55% |          72      2.45%     31.00% |          72      2.45%     33.45% |          69      2.35%     35.79% |          69      2.35%     38.14% |          69      2.35%     40.49% |          69      2.35%     42.84% |          69      2.35%     45.19% |          69      2.35%     47.53% |          69      2.35%     49.88% |          69      2.35%     52.23% |          73      2.48%     54.71% |          69      2.35%     57.06% |          70      2.38%     59.44% |          69      2.35%     61.79% |          70      2.38%     64.17% |          73      2.48%     66.66% |          74      2.52%     69.17% |          73      2.48%     71.66% |          69      2.35%     74.00% |          69      2.35%     76.35% |          71      2.42%     78.77% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.46% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.19% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.42%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          86      8.73%      8.73% |          29      2.94%     11.68% |          29      2.94%     14.62% |          29      2.94%     17.56% |          29      2.94%     20.51% |          29      2.94%     23.45% |          29      2.94%     26.40% |          29      2.94%     29.34% |          29      2.94%     32.28% |          29      2.94%     35.23% |          29      2.94%     38.17% |          29      2.94%     41.12% |          29      2.94%     44.06% |          29      2.94%     47.01% |          29      2.94%     49.95% |          29      2.94%     52.89% |          29      2.94%     55.84% |          29      2.94%     58.78% |          29      2.94%     61.73% |          29      2.94%     64.67% |          29      2.94%     67.61% |          29      2.94%     70.56% |          29      2.94%     73.50% |          29      2.94%     76.45% |          29      2.94%     79.39% |          29      2.94%     82.34% |          29      2.94%     85.28% |          29      2.94%     88.22% |          29      2.94%     91.17% |          29      2.94%     94.11% |          29      2.94%     97.06% |          29      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76708      7.07%      7.07% |       33080      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.11% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.86% |       33636      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35244      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.38%      2.38% |           5      3.97%      6.35% |           5      3.97%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           3      2.38%     15.08% |           5      3.97%     19.05% |           5      3.97%     23.02% |           3      2.38%     25.40% |           4      3.17%     28.57% |           1      0.79%     29.37% |           3      2.38%     31.75% |           2      1.59%     33.33% |           2      1.59%     34.92% |           2      1.59%     36.51% |           4      3.17%     39.68% |           5      3.97%     43.65% |           3      2.38%     46.03% |           2      1.59%     47.62% |           2      1.59%     49.21% |           3      2.38%     51.59% |           3      2.38%     53.97% |           4      3.17%     57.14% |           4      3.17%     60.32% |           7      5.56%     65.87% |           5      3.97%     69.84% |           3      2.38%     72.22% |           4      3.17%     75.40% |           4      3.17%     78.57% |           6      4.76%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           7      5.56%     92.86% |           9      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         135      6.36%      6.36% |          72      3.39%      9.75% |          74      3.49%     13.24% |          67      3.16%     16.39% |          76      3.58%     19.97% |          81      3.82%     23.79% |          51      2.40%     26.19% |          59      2.78%     28.97% |          84      3.96%     32.93% |          63      2.97%     35.89% |          86      4.05%     39.94% |          64      3.01%     42.96% |          61      2.87%     45.83% |          64      3.01%     48.85% |          63      2.97%     51.81% |          54      2.54%     54.36% |          62      2.92%     57.28% |          68      3.20%     60.48% |          57      2.68%     63.17% |          57      2.68%     65.85% |          63      2.97%     68.82% |          57      2.68%     71.50% |          58      2.73%     74.23% |          57      2.68%     76.92% |          58      2.73%     79.65% |          60      2.83%     82.48% |          52      2.45%     84.93% |          59      2.78%     87.71% |          55      2.59%     90.30% |          56      2.64%     92.93% |          60      2.83%     95.76% |          90      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     24.24%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           8     24.24%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |          12     36.36%     84.85% |           1      3.03%     87.88% |           4     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |          10     71.43%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26092      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25995      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26007      3.11%     90.66% |       25997      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.41%      3.41% |           3      3.41%      6.82% |           2      2.27%      9.09% |           2      2.27%     11.36% |           2      2.27%     13.64% |           4      4.55%     18.18% |           3      3.41%     21.59% |           3      3.41%     25.00% |           3      3.41%     28.41% |           1      1.14%     29.55% |           2      2.27%     31.82% |           1      1.14%     32.95% |           1      1.14%     34.09% |           2      2.27%     36.36% |           3      3.41%     39.77% |           5      5.68%     45.45% |           3      3.41%     48.86% |           2      2.27%     51.14% |           1      1.14%     52.27% |           3      3.41%     55.68% |           3      3.41%     59.09% |           2      2.27%     61.36% |           3      3.41%     64.77% |           5      5.68%     70.45% |           4      4.55%     75.00% |           2      2.27%     77.27% |           2      2.27%     79.55% |           2      2.27%     81.82% |           3      3.41%     85.23% |           2      2.27%     87.50% |           2      2.27%     89.77% |           9     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     91.67%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         129      6.73%      6.73% |          67      3.50%     10.23% |          62      3.24%     13.47% |          53      2.77%     16.23% |          51      2.66%     18.89% |          59      3.08%     21.97% |          50      2.61%     24.58% |          52      2.71%     27.30% |          74      3.86%     31.16% |          58      3.03%     34.19% |          78      4.07%     38.26% |          61      3.18%     41.44% |          57      2.97%     44.42% |          63      3.29%     47.70% |          61      3.18%     50.89% |          53      2.77%     53.65% |          60      3.13%     56.78% |          62      3.24%     60.02% |          51      2.66%     62.68% |          53      2.77%     65.45% |          61      3.18%     68.63% |          51      2.66%     71.29% |          56      2.92%     74.22% |          55      2.87%     77.09% |          54      2.82%     79.91% |          53      2.77%     82.67% |          45      2.35%     85.02% |          51      2.66%     87.68% |          49      2.56%     90.24% |          50      2.61%     92.85% |          49      2.56%     95.41% |          88      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1916                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         457     78.12%     78.12% |          23      3.93%     82.05% |          21      3.59%     85.64% |          21      3.59%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |           0      0.00%     89.23% |          21      3.59%     92.82% |          21      3.59%     96.41% |          21      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         888      6.38%      6.38% |         387      2.78%      9.15% |         410      2.94%     12.10% |         402      2.89%     14.98% |         421      3.02%     18.01% |         400      2.87%     20.88% |         401      2.88%     23.76% |         416      2.99%     26.74% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.58% |         430      3.09%     35.67% |         429      3.08%     38.75% |         455      3.27%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.22% |         428      3.07%     48.29% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.58% |         450      3.23%     57.81% |         422      3.03%     60.84% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         421      3.02%     69.62% |         401      2.88%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.90% |         413      2.97%     90.87% |         435      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23440      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.00% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.69% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664582                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         438      3.23%      3.23% |         386      2.85%      6.08% |         412      3.04%      9.13% |         404      2.98%     12.11% |         422      3.12%     15.23% |         398      2.94%     18.17% |         400      2.95%     21.12% |         418      3.09%     24.21% |         407      3.01%     27.21% |         414      3.06%     30.27% |         430      3.18%     33.44% |         428      3.16%     36.60% |         460      3.40%     40.00% |         449      3.32%     43.32% |         431      3.18%     46.50% |         439      3.24%     49.74% |         444      3.28%     53.02% |         450      3.32%     56.34% |         420      3.10%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.38% |         405      2.99%     65.37% |         425      3.14%     68.51% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         440      3.25%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         421      3.11%     87.47% |         416      3.07%     90.54% |         437      3.23%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5943      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         208     80.93%     80.93% |           6      2.33%     83.27% |           3      1.17%     84.44% |           6      2.33%     86.77% |           0      0.00%     86.77% |           1      0.39%     87.16% |           1      0.39%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           1      0.39%     87.94% |           0      0.00%     87.94% |           0      0.00%     87.94% |           5      1.95%     89.88% |           0      0.00%     89.88% |           2      0.78%     90.66% |           1      0.39%     91.05% |           0      0.00%     91.05% |           0      0.00%     91.05% |          10      3.89%     94.94% |           2      0.78%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           1      0.39%     96.11% |           0      0.00%     96.11% |           2      0.78%     96.89% |           1      0.39%     97.28% |           4      1.56%     98.83% |           1      0.39%     99.22% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77644      7.09%      7.09% |       33387      3.05%     10.14% |       32685      2.98%     13.12% |       32853      3.00%     16.13% |       33107      3.02%     19.15% |       32032      2.93%     22.07% |       31956      2.92%     24.99% |       31674      2.89%     27.89% |       33955      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.08% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34275      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32542      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33167      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35578      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           6     50.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         171      7.42%      7.42% |          71      3.08%     10.50% |          69      2.99%     13.49% |          60      2.60%     16.10% |          69      2.99%     19.09% |          69      2.99%     22.08% |          69      2.99%     25.08% |          69      2.99%     28.07% |          69      2.99%     31.06% |          69      2.99%     34.06% |          67      2.91%     36.96% |          63      2.73%     39.70% |          73      3.17%     42.86% |          69      2.99%     45.86% |          69      2.99%     48.85% |          69      2.99%     51.84% |          69      2.99%     54.84% |          69      2.99%     57.83% |          70      3.04%     60.87% |          70      3.04%     63.90% |          69      2.99%     66.90% |          69      2.99%     69.89% |          71      3.08%     72.97% |          69      2.99%     75.97% |          69      2.99%     78.96% |          69      2.99%     81.95% |          69      2.99%     84.95% |          69      2.99%     87.94% |          71      3.08%     91.02% |          69      2.99%     94.01% |          69      2.99%     97.01% |          69      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.27%     96.27% |           4      0.65%     96.92% |           3      0.49%     97.40% |           3      0.49%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           1      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           6     33.33%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           6     33.33%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         764     26.16%     26.16% |          75      2.57%     28.72% |          72      2.46%     31.19% |          63      2.16%     33.34% |          69      2.36%     35.71% |          69      2.36%     38.07% |          69      2.36%     40.43% |          69      2.36%     42.79% |          69      2.36%     45.16% |          69      2.36%     47.52% |          67      2.29%     49.81% |          63      2.16%     51.97% |          73      2.50%     54.47% |          69      2.36%     56.83% |          70      2.40%     59.23% |          69      2.36%     61.59% |          70      2.40%     63.98% |          73      2.50%     66.48% |          74      2.53%     69.02% |          73      2.50%     71.52% |          69      2.36%     73.88% |          69      2.36%     76.24% |          71      2.43%     78.67% |          69      2.36%     81.03% |          69      2.36%     83.40% |          69      2.36%     85.76% |          69      2.36%     88.12% |          69      2.36%     90.48% |          71      2.43%     92.91% |          69      2.36%     95.28% |          69      2.36%     97.64% |          69      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2921                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76203      4.27%      4.27% |      891587     50.00%     54.27% |      108027      6.06%     60.33% |      102775      5.76%     66.10% |      101188      5.67%     71.77% |      102925      5.77%     77.54% |      101244      5.68%     83.22% |      103486      5.80%     89.02% |       97293      5.46%     94.48% |       98446      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1783174                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76203      4.27%      4.27% |      891587     50.00%     54.27% |      108027      6.06%     60.33% |      102775      5.76%     66.10% |      101188      5.67%     71.77% |      102925      5.77%     77.54% |      101244      5.68%     83.22% |      103486      5.80%     89.02% |       97293      5.46%     94.48% |       98446      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1783174                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76203      4.27%      4.27% |      891587     50.00%     54.27% |      108027      6.06%     60.33% |      102775      5.76%     66.10% |      101188      5.67%     71.77% |      102925      5.77%     77.54% |      101244      5.68%     83.22% |      103486      5.80%     89.02% |       97293      5.46%     94.48% |       98446      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1783174                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76203      4.27%      4.27% |      891587     50.00%     54.27% |      108027      6.06%     60.33% |      102775      5.76%     66.10% |      101188      5.67%     71.77% |      102925      5.77%     77.54% |      101244      5.68%     83.22% |      103486      5.80%     89.02% |       97293      5.46%     94.48% |       98446      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1783174                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
