
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038217                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38217305000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214385383500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32184                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57813                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50173325                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5220836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   761.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24514889                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      44036117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130008539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130008539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103740230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103740230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    233748769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           233748769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77634                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61948                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61948                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       99                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38216823500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77634                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61948                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.385275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.282338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.523268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27067     51.34%     51.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12948     24.56%     75.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7755     14.71%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1918      3.64%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1118      2.12%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          601      1.14%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          415      0.79%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          335      0.64%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          569      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.712161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.540496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11556     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.357724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.286402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.079748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11086     95.88%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           407      3.52%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           52      0.45%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1843770408                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3299014158                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23755.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42505.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      129.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    273794.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8584847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1276080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28354261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              198828000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199750320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108487500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108990750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305136000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300159600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199525680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201852000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15358252140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14944882725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9456954000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9819558750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28123195800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28071206625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          735.916970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.556537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    127754482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            127754482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101692152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           101692152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    229446634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           229446634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        5                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       89                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38216574000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60725                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.695111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.952416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.063161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25755     50.73%     50.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12449     24.52%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7557     14.89%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1945      3.83%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1101      2.17%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          618      1.22%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          452      0.89%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          284      0.56%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          605      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.738581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.905239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11314     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.364873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.288017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.129027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10826     95.64%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           407      3.60%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           66      0.58%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           20      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1824646904                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3254784404                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23922.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42672.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      127.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      101.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   127.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   101.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    278926.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8937850250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1276080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    28001258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193203360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190527120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105418500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              103958250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300752400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294060000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196045920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197387280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15268697730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14540611365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9535510500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10174182750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28095640890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27996739245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.195924                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.607904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    127710941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            127710941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    101665358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           101665358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    229376300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           229376300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       79                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38217062000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.586889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.929328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.933933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25757     50.72%     50.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12451     24.52%     75.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7602     14.97%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1909      3.76%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1114      2.19%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          589      1.16%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          456      0.90%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          317      0.62%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          588      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.715670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.932138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11348     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.347309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.273008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.117465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10894     95.96%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           370      3.26%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           73      0.64%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1781287425                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3210918675                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23362.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42112.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      127.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      101.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   127.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   101.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52662                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    279015.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8930878750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1276080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    28008441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              192538080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191351160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105055500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104407875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300487200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294161400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195896880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197458560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15129415665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14674484700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9657687750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10056750000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28077093555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28014626175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.710584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.075962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4857664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4857664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127106399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127106399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101501244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101501244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    228607643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           228607643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75902                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60611                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75902                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4857152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4857728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      103                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38216564500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75902                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60611                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.440712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.266737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.252512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25508     50.65%     50.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12333     24.49%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7465     14.82%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1971      3.91%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1133      2.25%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          572      1.14%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          461      0.92%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          312      0.62%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          609      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.692477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.921926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11333     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.345092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.271931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.104149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10894     96.08%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           356      3.14%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           72      0.63%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1766213393                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3189207143                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23272.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42022.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52515                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33617                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    279948.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8934785500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1276080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    28004323250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190391040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190360800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              103884000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103867500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298560600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293334600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195482160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197225280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2496012480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15090491790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14629757085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9691831500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10095984750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28066653570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28006542495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.437395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.864431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7151777                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.461523                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.821736                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                22.679868                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7100806     99.29%     99.29% |       42592      0.60%     99.88% |        4322      0.06%     99.94% |        1909      0.03%     99.97% |         952      0.01%     99.98% |         505      0.01%     99.99% |         588      0.01%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7151777                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16588169                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.941550                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.705839                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.168658                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15205549     91.67%     91.67% |     1324274      7.98%     99.65% |       36298      0.22%     99.87% |       13589      0.08%     99.95% |        5202      0.03%     99.98% |        2045      0.01%     99.99% |         676      0.00%    100.00% |         328      0.00%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16588169                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16588166                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.488336                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.094437                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.591868                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16496707     99.45%     99.45% |       73627      0.44%     99.89% |       12877      0.08%     99.97% |        3775      0.02%     99.99% |         874      0.01%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16588166                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15123509                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000292                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000252                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.017099                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15119089     99.97%     99.97% |        4419      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15123509                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1464657                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        121.784014                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.515147                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        98.267582                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1373198     93.76%     93.76% |       73627      5.03%     98.78% |       12877      0.88%     99.66% |        3775      0.26%     99.92% |         874      0.06%     99.98% |         249      0.02%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1464657                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         705157                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       705157                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8624477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8913538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5779853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5902949                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       611210                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15975                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       256975                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318907                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39913                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        86947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       218412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1397                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       228463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1275                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       223933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1419                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       228972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1348                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132425                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       225205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1521                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1301                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        85646                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       116060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1422                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        84152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       127583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       211735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1450                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        74235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        26076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        46433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        26415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        45024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        26021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        26025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43626                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17883                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19274                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        26409                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        44521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18134                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        44088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        44062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        44175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        26050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        43489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        26006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18566                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        45289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        19011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        26059                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        45070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        46334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        48013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        26022                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        44499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        26013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        43297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26390                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        44234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        26085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        10711                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8813329                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8813329                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9061807                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8813329                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4766184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4745309                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8813329                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.115305                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6498222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6498222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6793240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6498222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4372306                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4328846                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6498222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.085017                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4362700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4362700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4549158                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4362700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2049874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2044728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4362700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.057078                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3980084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3980084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4096682                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3980084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1995538                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1992144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3980084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.052072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4638734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4638734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4904044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4638734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2437833                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2428610                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4638734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060689                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4071855                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2013693                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2010841                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.051662                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4609021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4609021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4747624                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4609021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2044173                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2041369                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4609021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.060300                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3956235                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1895198                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1892513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.050338                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2747718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2747718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2815142                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2747718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1349176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1347334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2747718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035949                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3512053                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3512053                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3632656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3512053                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1801245                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1798061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3512053                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045948                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1673212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1673212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1693751                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1673212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       802803                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       802204                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1673212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021891                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1198101                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1198101                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1201500                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1198101                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       575093                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       574797                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1198101                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015675                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1546029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1546029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1552249                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1546029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       812801                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       812349                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1546029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020227                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1219187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1219187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1223402                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1219187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       589674                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       589315                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1219187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015951                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       738381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       738381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       740932                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       738381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       357251                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       357101                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       738381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009660                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1022707                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1022707                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1027883                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1022707                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476827                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1022707                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013380                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1418870                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1418870                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1425578                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1418870                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       615873                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       615702                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1418870                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018563                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1138080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1138080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1143517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1138080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       527007                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       526812                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1138080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014890                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1027267                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1027267                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1034735                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1027267                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       468548                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468295                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1027267                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013440                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       631939                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       631939                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       634611                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       631939                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295691                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       295415                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       631939                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       670089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       670089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       671330                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       670089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       359814                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       359605                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       670089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       871640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       871640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       875188                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       871640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474830                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474492                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       871640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011404                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       730630                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       379081                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       378828                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009537                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       421533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       421533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       421533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       421533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205390                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205213                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       421533                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       624462                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       624462                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       625532                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       624462                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311753                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       311530                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       624462                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008170                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       840647                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       840647                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       844118                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       840647                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454337                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454019                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       840647                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010998                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       718521                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       718521                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       720406                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       718521                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368045                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       718521                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009400                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       432231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       432231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       432231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       432231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       208656                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       208479                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       432231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005655                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3104264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3104264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3149612                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3104264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1414007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413260                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3104264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.040613                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2439547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2439547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2464147                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2439547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1093343                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1092831                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2439547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2647915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2647915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2680082                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2647915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1176450                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1175823                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2647915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034643                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2512038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2512038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2543100                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2512038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1135219                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1134570                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2512038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032865                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5913622     30.30%     30.30% |    11490619     58.87%     89.17% |     2113140     10.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     19517381                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5913624     30.30%     30.30% |    11490619     58.87%     89.17% |     2113140     10.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     19517383                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   151636142                       |   292936360                       |    51209789                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    23352202                       |    54677597                       |     2176511                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   25.641839                       |   25.493523                       |   24.233978                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.948883                       |    4.758455                       |    1.029989                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.402091                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.109481                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.511572                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003997                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.087253      7.09%      7.09% |    0.087445      7.10%     14.19% |    0.087063      7.07%     21.26% |    0.087261      7.09%     28.35% |    0.183855     14.93%     43.28% |    0.183865     14.93%     58.22% |    0.183660     14.92%     73.14% |    0.183807     14.93%     88.07% |    0.036733      2.98%     91.05% |    0.036737      2.98%     94.03% |    0.036728      2.98%     97.02% |    0.036727      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.231133                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.030493                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.021906                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011379                       |    0.011929                       |    0.011492                       |    0.011782                       |    0.011470                       |    0.012191                       |    0.009928                       |    0.011040                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005036                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002604                       |    0.002675                       |    0.002627                       |    0.002624                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002540                       |    0.002584                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002785                       |    0.002793                       |    0.002645                       |    0.002649                       |    0.002565                       |    0.002577                       |    0.002692                       |    0.002634                       |    0.002636                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002583                       |    0.002804                       |    0.002590                       |    0.002556                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002578                       |    0.002653                       |    0.002625                       |    0.002674                       |    0.002757                       |    0.002900                       |    0.006074                       |    0.005964                       |    0.005962                       |    0.005933                       |    0.000321                       |           0                       |    0.006081                       |    0.015354                       |    0.001149                       |    0.001234                       |    0.001161                       |    0.001224                       |    0.001170                       |    0.001254                       |    0.001004                       |    0.001077                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003008                       |    0.000325                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002904                       |    0.002530                       |    0.008508                       |    0.002999                       |    0.001004                       |    0.004035                       |    0.013799                       |    0.005605                       |           0                       |    0.003021                       |    0.004937                       |           0                       |    0.010613                       |    0.015421                       |    0.006621                       |    0.009506                       |    0.002993                       |    0.001149                       |    0.013958                       |    0.015769                       |    0.013703                       |    0.009826                       |    0.003037                       |    0.001234                       |    0.016001                       |    0.012039                       |    0.009934                       |           0                       |    0.002990                       |    0.004837                       |           0                       |    0.009479                       |    0.007749                       |    0.006861                       |           0                       |    0.003114                       |           0                       |    0.005411                       |    0.003871                       |    0.003278                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.003144                       |           0                       |    0.001828                       |    0.002804                       |    0.003628                       |    0.009284                       |    0.003025                       |    0.001077                       |    0.008915                       |    0.005059                       |    0.014872                       |    0.003717                       |    0.009598                       |    0.003015                       |    0.001161                       |    0.004157                       |    0.015010                       |    0.023341                       |    0.004406                       |    0.030899                       |    0.004558                       |    0.006081                       |    0.010523                       |    0.018870                       |    0.032448                       |    0.011927                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003065                       |    0.015354                       |    0.010985                       |    0.025495                       |    0.017819                       |    0.012296                       |    0.009656                       |    0.002987                       |    0.001224                       |    0.005829                       |    0.016756                       |    0.010083                       |    0.005127                       |           0                       |    0.003030                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |    0.005283                       |    0.004986                       |    0.004414                       |           0                       |    0.003003                       |           0                       |    0.001680                       |    0.002638                       |    0.003676                       |           0                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |    0.001011                       |    0.002590                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |    0.003091                       |           0                       |    0.007686                       |    0.003319                       |    0.004843                       |    0.002951                       |           0                       |    0.003074                       |    0.004836                       |           0                       |    0.005046                       |    0.010680                       |    0.008047                       |    0.002961                       |    0.009541                       |    0.002953                       |    0.001170                       |    0.019743                       |    0.013702                       |    0.010119                       |    0.003073                       |    0.009935                       |    0.002957                       |    0.001254                       |    0.007803                       |    0.015885                       |    0.009519                       |    0.002984                       |           0                       |    0.003152                       |    0.004821                       |           0                       |    0.006069                       |    0.009501                       |    0.006310                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.002991                       |           0                       |    0.001583                       |    0.005226                       |    0.003146                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |    0.002974                       |           0                       |    0.000847                       |    0.002578                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.002951                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.004590                       |           0                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |    0.002973                       |    0.001588                       |    0.005858                       |           0                       |    0.003073                       |           0                       |    0.009234                       |    0.003253                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |    0.002984                       |           0                       |    0.002438                       |    0.006940                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.004160                       |    0.006268                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005264                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002653                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.231133                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5478909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5478909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3976663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3387930                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.195301                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          453449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9747801                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45200                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5431647                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20690                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9793001                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5452337                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15179448                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65890                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15245338                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5909768                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9488                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5919256                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5909768                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9488                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5919256                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72661388                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20649683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30333906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5478909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3841379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47260622                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211674                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       308867                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5909132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3825                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     69025580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.805242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58822266     85.22%     85.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1056927      1.53%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           603408      0.87%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1008633      1.46%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1448916      2.10%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           598594      0.87%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           697975      1.01%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           994691      1.44%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3794170      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     69025580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.417469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15651867                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44703151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6491595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1880361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298599                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       53160227                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298599                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16348090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27645630                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834811                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7482205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12416238                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       52233480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4523986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59996930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     122216613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76292998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      50193754                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11462396                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5321953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5619318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1324768                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1124239                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50990242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       358583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53620808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095656                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48923                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     69025580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.776825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46758089     67.74%     67.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8682203     12.58%     80.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5249193      7.60%     87.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3043780      4.41%     92.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2945606      4.27%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1191092      1.73%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692183      1.00%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289575      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173859      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     69025580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95292     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601866     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66309      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165412      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      38027740     70.92%     71.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9873684     18.41%     89.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5478963     10.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53620808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.737955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    177173688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58451008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48048628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       54218831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1274404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110456                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2631                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6968                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396045                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5736427                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298599                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4802491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17971524                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51348825                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5321953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5619318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       349462                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          91000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6968                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124439                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      53230597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9738847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15174506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4411164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5435659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.732584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48111166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48048648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          31014160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49778662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.661268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.623041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285128                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       309660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67874140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.648791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.601072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51546816     75.94%     75.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8103520     11.94%     87.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1868147      2.75%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2158788      3.18%     93.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       754076      1.11%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1057383      1.56%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694020      1.02%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278523      0.41%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1412867      2.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67874140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24514888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       44036114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9434765                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4211493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4074407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43739735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       378684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34447049     78.22%     78.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4211493      9.56%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5223272     11.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     44036114                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1412867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117724454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103798439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24514888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              44036114                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.963970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.963970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.337385                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.337385                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78824929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37955379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20820245                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16433104                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24371771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5080547000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              5080547000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3190250                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        30.031336                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.969347                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       29.498472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3150585     98.76%     98.76% |       33344      1.05%     99.80% |        2704      0.08%     99.89% |        1534      0.05%     99.93% |         887      0.03%     99.96% |         505      0.02%     99.98% |         588      0.02%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3190250                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3096198                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.833977                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.169817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.170831                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3053395     98.62%     98.62% |       31497      1.02%     99.63% |        6636      0.21%     99.85% |        2612      0.08%     99.93% |        1190      0.04%     99.97% |         428      0.01%     99.99% |         226      0.01%     99.99% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3096198                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        865329                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.919418                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.104622                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.190976                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       17476      2.02%      2.02% |      105193     12.16%     14.18% |      315665     36.48%     50.66% |      188100     21.74%     72.39% |      185720     21.46%     93.85% |       44387      5.13%     98.98% |        8306      0.96%     99.94% |         425      0.05%     99.99% |          51      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          865329                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4537683                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.947152                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.773269                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          61.738865                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4482004     98.77%     98.77% |       43170      0.95%     99.72% |        8695      0.19%     99.92% |        2905      0.06%     99.98% |         670      0.01%     99.99% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4537683                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3945610                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000601                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026386                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3942864     99.93%     99.93% |        2745      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3945610                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       592073                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     132.879349                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.278930                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    120.604863                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      536394     90.60%     90.60% |       43170      7.29%     97.89% |        8695      1.47%     99.36% |        2905      0.49%     99.85% |         670      0.11%     99.96% |         200      0.03%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        592073                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          6019447                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.361739                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.644523                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          47.714400                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5985992     99.44%     99.44% |       28352      0.47%     99.92% |        3986      0.07%     99.98% |         847      0.01%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            6019447                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5277817                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000296                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017212                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5276253     99.97%     99.97% |        1564      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5277817                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       741630                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     119.565084                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.119581                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     81.026278                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      708175     95.49%     95.49% |       28352      3.82%     99.31% |        3986      0.54%     99.85% |         847      0.11%     99.96% |         203      0.03%     99.99% |          49      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        741630                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5902947                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.681892                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.207770                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.932034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5890288     99.79%     99.79% |       10611      0.18%     99.97% |        1813      0.03%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5902947                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5779853                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000588                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5779851    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5779853                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123094                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.654768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.428460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.208705                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.72%     89.72% |       10611      8.62%     98.34% |        1813      1.47%     99.81% |          40      0.03%     99.84% |          81      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123094                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.529314                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.649171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125499     98.99%     98.99% |        1008      0.80%     99.78% |         246      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118843     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.493744                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.386291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.724492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.61%     83.61% |        1008     12.87%     96.48% |         246      3.14%     99.62% |           6      0.08%     99.69% |          11      0.14%     99.83% |          12      0.15%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11135                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       286117                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       453681                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   174271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   183926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17979                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   179371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24540                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  184173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   19177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  179405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  186734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   23006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  159737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  167683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    42567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    44446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    44047                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   44551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   43928                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   45280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   39534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       1                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   41406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                17972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               175916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               185578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               181048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              185839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               19636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              181048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              188405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              161392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              169361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  549627                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  416144                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3635502                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  506610                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  369412                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 3411491                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  555589                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  414275                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3651074                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  504011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 371051                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                3441279                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 580014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 416057                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3691643                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295482008                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295361958                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4298414649                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295605969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295436840                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4298788078                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295567410                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295426800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4298679528                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   87964                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20487                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   92798                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12028                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20483                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   90528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12188                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20483                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  92927                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12860                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20483                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  90528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21763                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  94209                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  80704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11692                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  84689                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6204                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  87952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  92780                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  90520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 92912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 90520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 94196                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 80688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 84672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                86319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                11850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                91146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                88851                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20396                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               91261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12696                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               88885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               92538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11228                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               79049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               83011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 89                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1645                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                174                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1652                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 89                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                87                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1666                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                89                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1643                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                93                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              1655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                89                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1678                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5930                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               87952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               92780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6086                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               90520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6153                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              92912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6481                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              90520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              94196                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              80688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              84672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               250                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               271                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              295                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      141                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      282                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      295                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     154                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     303                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     262                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     280                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2162343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2623303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5139403                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2152121                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2562105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                5143196                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2154422                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2591873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5135045                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2151008                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2570564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               5136793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2153802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2565659                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5134727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2159865                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2700010                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               5141229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2162624                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2608605                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               5146699                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2163913                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2715089                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               5132202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2464                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2424                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1516411                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2427278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4626146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1530120                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2376734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4662939                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1452671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2399973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4555418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1501054                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2384763                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4634803                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1519275                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2374776                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4571097                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1528775                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2505014                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4633992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1272031                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2413042                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4563669                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1404959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2512552                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4539956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             124650                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             187248                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             127123                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             195891                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             128264                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             129658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            197872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            137649                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            130259                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            201192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            123040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            173968                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            125401                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            185920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2211669                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1438239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3829968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2167792                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1406315                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3673539                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2277846                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1432249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3944059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2228115                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1397227                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3729580                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2218818                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1428492                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3957069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2194121                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1477388                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3727456                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2561919                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1466973                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             4055761                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2384923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1500436                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             4000004                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1516411                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2427278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4626146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1530120                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2376734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4662939                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1452671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2399973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4555418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1501054                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2384763                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4634803                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1519275                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2374776                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4571097                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1528775                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2505014                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4633992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1272031                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2413042                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4563669                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1404959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2512552                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4539956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        113630                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        187178                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        116154                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        195823                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        115442                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        193759                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        117537                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       197816                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       123920                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       193755                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       118641                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       201129                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       106477                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       173849                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       111250                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       185794                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1665138                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1438239                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3737883                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1654294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1406315                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3613867                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1678984                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1432249                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3754740                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1671829                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1397227                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3655574                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1681324                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1428492                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3792015                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1666392                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1477388                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3648680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1744585                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1466973                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3877246                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1708458                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1500436                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3796260                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2150837                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2606407                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5120860                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2139941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2545209                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            5121968                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2141995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2574977                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5116367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2138462                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2553668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           5115780                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2140080                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2548763                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5116330                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2147143                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2682058                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           5120168                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2151843                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2592765                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           5131563                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2152188                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2698193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           5115062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3042                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             19024                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              1307                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles               980                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              7659                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             12202                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1333                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            35858                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             6204                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            14664                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             9624                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             4357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             3235                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            12132                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             5292                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             5956                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73711515                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68541749                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73711511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68541458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73711517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68541697                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73711513                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68542003                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368486                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73711522                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68541785                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368622                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73711518                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68541584                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73711534                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68541701                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73711530                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68541535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2110883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2623656                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4427308                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2109600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2562279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4427210                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2103373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2592231                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4422031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2105233                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2570767                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4421081                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2110942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2566026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4424483                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2117512                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2700249                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4427083                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2112020                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2609189                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4437736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2107378                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2715463                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4423314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               851                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              883                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             46179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             49100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             47281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5796                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            49152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            47380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            49704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            41959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            44083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5701                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5890                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5901                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            20805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16411                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           24059                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             963                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1525033                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           17563                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             282                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1273500                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           22629                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             979                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1650287                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           18895                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1243484                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          20623                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            990                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1657357                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles          18176                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            740                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        1289729                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          28707                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1241                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        2040804                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          28410                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        1706078                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76288     24.93%     50.28% |       76262     24.92%     75.20% |       75902     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56038     25.43%     25.43% |       54808     24.88%     50.31% |       54789     24.87%     75.18% |       54688     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77634     25.36%     25.36% |       76288     24.92%     50.29% |       76262     24.92%     75.20% |       75901     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61948     25.39%     25.39% |       60725     24.89%     50.28% |       60709     24.88%     75.16% |       60610     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13378     25.26%     25.26% |       13288     25.09%     50.34% |       13281     25.07%     75.42% |       13022     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76288     24.93%     50.28% |       76262     24.92%     75.20% |       75902     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55781     25.41%     25.41% |       54613     24.88%     50.30% |       54597     24.87%     75.17% |       54499     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219490                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13378     25.26%     25.26% |       13288     25.09%     50.34% |       13281     25.07%     75.42% |       13022     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76288     24.93%     50.28% |       76262     24.92%     75.20% |       75901     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55781     25.41%     25.41% |       54613     24.88%     50.30% |       54597     24.87%     75.17% |       54498     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219489                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3565369     78.55%     78.55% |          38      0.00%     78.55% |      120143      2.65%     81.19% |      125228      2.76%     83.95% |      122968      2.71%     86.66% |      125520      2.77%     89.43% |      123800      2.73%     92.15% |      128176      2.82%     94.98% |      111181      2.45%     97.43% |      116785      2.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4539208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5903005    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5903005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5349822     87.02%     87.02% |           0      0.00%     87.02% |       98269      1.60%     88.62% |      103235      1.68%     90.30% |      100965      1.64%     91.94% |      103452      1.68%     93.62% |      101405      1.65%     95.27% |      105042      1.71%     96.98% |       90525      1.47%     98.46% |       94950      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6147665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13415      3.98%      3.98% |          38      0.01%      3.99% |       40906     12.14%     16.13% |       41263     12.24%     28.37% |       39896     11.84%     40.21% |       40517     12.02%     52.23% |       39816     11.81%     64.04% |       40801     12.11%     76.15% |       39078     11.59%     87.75% |       41302     12.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       337032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410350     56.04%     56.04% |           0      0.00%     56.04% |       39970      5.46%     61.50% |       41114      5.62%     67.12% |       40664      5.55%     72.67% |       40944      5.59%     78.26% |       41576      5.68%     83.94% |       42258      5.77%     89.71% |       36373      4.97%     94.68% |       38934      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       732183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36552     12.53%     12.53% |       38873     13.32%     25.85% |       37947     13.01%     38.86% |       38120     13.07%     51.92% |       36533     12.52%     64.45% |       40110     13.75%     78.19% |       29351     10.06%     88.26% |       34266     11.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       291752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29340     12.40%     12.42% |       31691     13.40%     25.81% |       29263     12.37%     38.18% |       31328     13.24%     51.43% |       29916     12.65%     64.08% |       32378     13.69%     77.76% |       24276     10.26%     88.03% |       28323     11.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       236545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3663     12.27%     12.27% |        4162     13.95%     26.22% |        4240     14.21%     40.43% |        3636     12.18%     52.61% |        4192     14.05%     66.65% |        3315     11.11%     77.76% |        2800      9.38%     87.14% |        3837     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        29845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141775     54.16%     54.16% |          11      0.00%     54.16% |       14813      5.66%     59.82% |       15612      5.96%     65.79% |       15284      5.84%     71.62% |       15404      5.88%     77.51% |       15106      5.77%     83.28% |       16190      6.18%     89.46% |       12924      4.94%     94.40% |       14657      5.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29063     12.29%     12.30% |       30563     12.92%     25.22% |       30342     12.83%     38.05% |       29115     12.31%     50.35% |       28695     12.13%     62.48% |       30948     13.08%     75.57% |       28554     12.07%     87.64% |       29238     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       236545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270360     36.90%     36.90% |           0      0.00%     36.90% |       59342      8.10%     45.00% |       58448      7.98%     52.98% |       57132      7.80%     60.78% |       59345      8.10%     68.88% |       58727      8.02%     76.89% |       59915      8.18%     85.07% |       52518      7.17%     92.24% |       56849      7.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       732636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       33288     11.93%     11.93% |       39903     14.30%     26.23% |       36947     13.24%     39.48% |       36507     13.09%     52.56% |       35429     12.70%     65.26% |       38183     13.69%     78.95% |       26948      9.66%     88.61% |       31780     11.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       278985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28247     12.09%     12.09% |       32354     13.84%     25.94% |       30984     13.26%     39.20% |       30809     13.18%     52.38% |       29897     12.79%     65.17% |       32487     13.90%     79.07% |       22064      9.44%     88.52% |       26839     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       233700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287597     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23829      4.99%     65.18% |       23002      4.81%     70.00% |       23601      4.94%     74.94% |       23270      4.87%     79.81% |       24059      5.04%     84.84% |       23616      4.94%     89.78% |       24583      5.15%     94.93% |       24224      5.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141792     36.15%     36.15% |          38      0.01%     36.16% |       31153      7.94%     44.10% |       32187      8.21%     52.31% |       31736      8.09%     60.40% |       31942      8.14%     68.54% |       32278      8.23%     76.77% |       32962      8.40%     85.17% |       27998      7.14%     92.31% |       30154      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       392240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122583    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146860     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9329      4.20%     70.24% |        9439      4.24%     74.48% |        9440      4.25%     78.73% |        9514      4.28%     83.00% |        9810      4.41%     87.41% |        9808      4.41%     91.83% |        8887      4.00%     95.82% |        9292      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11167     43.07%     43.07% |           0      0.00%     43.07% |        1858      7.17%     50.23% |        1833      7.07%     57.30% |        1837      7.08%     64.38% |        1856      7.16%     71.54% |        1863      7.18%     78.73% |        1859      7.17%     85.90% |        1831      7.06%     92.96% |        1826      7.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         353      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       24893     12.46%     12.63% |       26325     13.17%     25.81% |       25968     12.99%     38.80% |       24905     12.46%     51.26% |       24234     12.13%     63.39% |       26152     13.09%     76.48% |       22246     11.13%     87.61% |       24758     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       199834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          37      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       40580     12.85%     12.86% |       39894     12.63%     25.48% |       39035     12.36%     37.84% |       40186     12.72%     50.56% |       39558     12.52%     63.08% |       40566     12.84%     75.92% |       36673     11.61%     87.53% |       39388     12.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       315917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         575      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |        9200     11.73%     12.46% |       11144     14.21%     26.67% |       10183     12.98%     39.65% |       10737     13.69%     53.34% |        9852     12.56%     65.90% |       11454     14.60%     80.50% |        6687      8.53%     89.03% |        8607     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        78439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.89%      3.89% |           0      0.00%      3.89% |       21280     12.06%     15.95% |       21345     12.09%     28.04% |       20790     11.78%     39.82% |       21720     12.31%     52.13% |       21327     12.08%     64.21% |       21976     12.45%     76.66% |       19940     11.30%     87.96% |       21248     12.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       176496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5779853    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5779853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       25510     12.08%     12.09% |       29132     13.79%     25.88% |       27563     13.05%     38.93% |       28126     13.32%     52.25% |       26545     12.57%     64.82% |       30052     14.23%     79.05% |       20256      9.59%     88.64% |       23991     11.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       211194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1328      0.44%      0.44% |          27      0.01%      0.45% |       38095     12.59%     13.04% |       38465     12.71%     25.75% |       37212     12.30%     38.05% |       37673     12.45%     50.50% |       37082     12.25%     62.75% |       38033     12.57%     75.32% |       36214     11.97%     87.29% |       38466     12.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       302595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122040     69.41%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |        6941      3.95%     73.36% |        6968      3.96%     77.32% |        6880      3.91%     81.23% |        6937      3.95%     85.18% |        7665      4.36%     89.54% |        7188      4.09%     93.63% |        5103      2.90%     96.53% |        6103      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       175825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387570     90.35%     90.35% |           0      0.00%     90.35% |       18351      1.19%     91.54% |       18925      1.23%     92.77% |       18815      1.23%     94.00% |       18816      1.23%     95.22% |       18417      1.20%     96.42% |       19963      1.30%     97.72% |       16761      1.09%     98.81% |       18238      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1535856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21203     25.12%     25.12% |           0      0.00%     25.12% |        7551      8.94%     34.06% |        8381      9.93%     43.99% |        8564     10.14%     54.13% |        8423      9.98%     64.11% |        7864      9.32%     73.43% |        8630     10.22%     83.65% |        6370      7.55%     91.20% |        7431      8.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        84417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         602     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119854     77.62%     77.62% |           0      0.00%     77.62% |        4301      2.79%     80.40% |        4338      2.81%     83.21% |        4323      2.80%     86.01% |        4294      2.78%     88.79% |        4337      2.81%     91.60% |        4630      3.00%     94.60% |        4014      2.60%     97.20% |        4322      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2642     13.33%     13.33% |        2606     13.15%     26.48% |        2110     10.65%     37.12% |        2368     11.95%     49.07% |        2618     13.21%     62.28% |        2643     13.34%     75.62% |        2221     11.21%     86.82% |        2612     13.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        19820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2027260     90.78%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |       24466      1.10%     91.87% |       26446      1.18%     93.06% |       25659      1.15%     94.20% |       28137      1.26%     95.46% |       27544      1.23%     96.70% |       27123      1.21%     97.91% |       24236      1.09%     99.00% |       22387      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2233258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5181574     97.51%     97.51% |           0      0.00%     97.51% |       15299      0.29%     97.80% |       16389      0.31%     98.11% |       16363      0.31%     98.42% |       17203      0.32%     98.74% |       17628      0.33%     99.07% |       15986      0.30%     99.38% |       18339      0.35%     99.72% |       14848      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5313629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     93.53%     93.53% |           0      0.00%     93.53% |           0      0.00%     93.53% |           0      0.00%     93.53% |           0      0.00%     93.53% |           0      0.00%     93.53% |           1      0.29%     93.82% |           0      0.00%     93.82% |          18      5.29%     99.12% |           3      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167743     51.87%     51.87% |           0      0.00%     51.87% |       19528      6.04%     57.91% |       18664      5.77%     63.68% |       19278      5.96%     69.65% |       18976      5.87%     75.51% |       19722      6.10%     81.61% |       18986      5.87%     87.48% |       20569      6.36%     93.85% |       19902      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36551     12.53%     12.53% |       38873     13.32%     25.85% |       37946     13.01%     38.86% |       38120     13.07%     51.92% |       36531     12.52%     64.45% |       40110     13.75%     78.19% |       29351     10.06%     88.25% |       34266     11.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       291748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       26698     12.32%     12.33% |       29084     13.42%     25.75% |       27153     12.53%     38.28% |       28960     13.36%     51.64% |       27298     12.60%     64.24% |       29735     13.72%     77.96% |       22055     10.18%     88.14% |       25711     11.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       216724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     12.56%     12.56% |          25     11.63%     24.19% |          28     13.02%     37.21% |          35     16.28%     53.49% |          30     13.95%     67.44% |          29     13.49%     80.93% |          23     10.70%     91.63% |          18      8.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141775     54.16%     54.16% |          11      0.00%     54.16% |       14813      5.66%     59.82% |       15612      5.96%     65.79% |       15284      5.84%     71.62% |       15404      5.88%     77.51% |       15106      5.77%     83.28% |       16190      6.18%     89.46% |       12924      4.94%     94.40% |       14657      5.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29063     12.29%     12.30% |       30563     12.92%     25.22% |       30342     12.83%     38.05% |       29115     12.31%     50.35% |       28695     12.13%     62.48% |       30948     13.08%     75.57% |       28554     12.07%     87.64% |       29238     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       236545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123463     56.99%     56.99% |           0      0.00%     56.99% |       12143      5.61%     62.60% |       12312      5.68%     68.28% |       12050      5.56%     73.84% |       12293      5.67%     79.52% |       12681      5.85%     85.37% |       11947      5.51%     90.89% |        8743      4.04%     94.92% |       10999      5.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       216631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3663     12.27%     12.27% |        4162     13.95%     26.22% |        4240     14.21%     40.43% |        3636     12.18%     52.61% |        4192     14.05%     66.65% |        3315     11.11%     77.76% |        2800      9.38%     87.14% |        3837     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        29845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146897     28.48%     28.48% |           0      0.00%     28.48% |       47172      9.15%     37.63% |       46111      8.94%     46.57% |       45054      8.73%     55.30% |       47017      9.12%     64.42% |       46016      8.92%     73.34% |       47939      9.29%     82.63% |       43752      8.48%     91.11% |       45832      8.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       515790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2232     14.21%     14.21% |        2412     15.36%     29.58% |        1645     10.48%     40.05% |        1477      9.41%     49.46% |        1598     10.18%     59.64% |        1257      8.01%     67.64% |        2879     18.34%     85.98% |        2202     14.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        15702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         926     12.62%     12.62% |         940     12.81%     25.43% |         819     11.16%     36.59% |         953     12.99%     49.57% |         840     11.45%     61.02% |         880     11.99%     73.01% |         992     13.52%     86.52% |         989     13.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         7339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31056     11.80%     11.80% |       37491     14.24%     26.04% |       35302     13.41%     39.44% |       35030     13.31%     52.75% |       33831     12.85%     65.60% |       36926     14.03%     79.62% |       24069      9.14%     88.77% |       29578     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       263283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28247     12.09%     12.09% |       32354     13.84%     25.94% |       30984     13.26%     39.20% |       30809     13.18%     52.38% |       29897     12.79%     65.17% |       32487     13.90%     79.07% |       22064      9.44%     88.52% |       26839     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       233700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     12.56%     12.56% |          25     11.63%     24.19% |          28     13.02%     37.21% |          35     16.28%     53.49% |          30     13.95%     67.44% |          29     13.49%     80.93% |          23     10.70%     91.63% |          18      8.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287597     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23828      4.99%     65.18% |       23001      4.81%     70.00% |       23600      4.94%     74.94% |       23270      4.87%     79.81% |       24057      5.04%     84.84% |       23616      4.94%     89.78% |       24583      5.15%     94.93% |       24224      5.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3473      2.82%      9.00% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3535      2.87%     14.70% |        4042      3.28%     17.98% |        3713      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.94% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4268      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3767      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.80% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3062      2.49%     64.22% |        3645      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.02% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4531      3.68%     84.96% |        3913      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5001      4.06%     96.39% |        4450      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45129      7.46%      7.46% |       18762      3.10%     10.56% |       17789      2.94%     13.50% |       18543      3.07%     16.57% |       18031      2.98%     19.55% |       17674      2.92%     22.47% |       17442      2.88%     25.35% |       17342      2.87%     28.22% |       17556      2.90%     31.12% |       17999      2.98%     34.10% |       19836      3.28%     37.37% |       19520      3.23%     40.60% |       18451      3.05%     43.65% |       17923      2.96%     46.61% |       17250      2.85%     49.47% |       17512      2.89%     52.36% |       18493      3.06%     55.42% |       17736      2.93%     58.35% |       18114      2.99%     61.34% |       18012      2.98%     64.32% |       18039      2.98%     67.30% |       19102      3.16%     70.46% |       17629      2.91%     73.37% |       17447      2.88%     76.26% |       17802      2.94%     79.20% |       18023      2.98%     82.18% |       17617      2.91%     85.09% |       17188      2.84%     87.93% |       17762      2.94%     90.87% |       17204      2.84%     93.71% |       17770      2.94%     96.65% |       20266      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       604963                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       19358      3.45%      3.45% |       17443      3.11%      6.56% |       17075      3.05%      9.61% |       17363      3.10%     12.71% |       17389      3.10%     15.81% |       17161      3.06%     18.87% |       16888      3.01%     21.88% |       17052      3.04%     24.92% |       17461      3.11%     28.04% |       17094      3.05%     31.08% |       17170      3.06%     34.15% |       17825      3.18%     37.33% |       17477      3.12%     40.44% |       17244      3.08%     43.52% |       17131      3.06%     46.57% |       17064      3.04%     49.62% |       17414      3.11%     52.72% |       17275      3.08%     55.80% |       17518      3.12%     58.93% |       17702      3.16%     62.08% |       17468      3.12%     65.20% |       18473      3.29%     68.50% |       17461      3.11%     71.61% |       17437      3.11%     74.72% |       17944      3.20%     77.92% |       17591      3.14%     81.06% |       17632      3.14%     84.20% |       18022      3.21%     87.42% |       17350      3.09%     90.51% |       17410      3.11%     93.62% |       17897      3.19%     96.81% |       17901      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       560690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6717      3.17%      3.17% |        6589      3.11%      6.28% |        6583      3.11%      9.39% |        6567      3.10%     12.49% |        6696      3.16%     15.65% |        6600      3.12%     18.76% |        6625      3.13%     21.89% |        6578      3.10%     24.99% |        6693      3.16%     28.15% |        6585      3.11%     31.26% |        6575      3.10%     34.36% |        6633      3.13%     37.49% |        6738      3.18%     40.68% |        6551      3.09%     43.77% |        6592      3.11%     46.88% |        6650      3.14%     50.02% |        6740      3.18%     53.20% |        6489      3.06%     56.26% |        6634      3.13%     59.39% |        6624      3.13%     62.52% |        6823      3.22%     65.74% |        6500      3.07%     68.81% |        6509      3.07%     71.88% |        6650      3.14%     75.02% |        6816      3.22%     78.23% |        6560      3.10%     81.33% |        6580      3.11%     84.44% |        6655      3.14%     87.58% |        6741      3.18%     90.76% |        6565      3.10%     93.86% |        6509      3.07%     96.93% |        6504      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       211871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42874      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14586      3.05%     18.03% |       13812      2.89%     20.92% |       13441      2.81%     23.73% |       13063      2.73%     26.46% |       13102      2.74%     29.21% |       13315      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15625      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14020      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.29% |       12805      2.68%     49.97% |       13198      2.76%     52.73% |       14153      2.96%     55.69% |       13669      2.86%     58.55% |       14014      2.93%     61.49% |       14042      2.94%     64.43% |       13693      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13602      2.85%     73.52% |       13286      2.78%     76.30% |       13745      2.88%     79.17% |       14127      2.96%     82.13% |       13661      2.86%     84.99% |       13628      2.85%     87.84% |       13521      2.83%     90.67% |       13329      2.79%     93.46% |       14444      3.02%     96.48% |       16798      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8035      3.66%      3.66% |        6813      3.11%      6.77% |        6840      3.12%      9.89% |        6805      3.10%     12.99% |        6788      3.10%     16.09% |        6810      3.11%     19.20% |        6790      3.10%     22.29% |        6801      3.10%     25.39% |        6819      3.11%     28.50% |        6831      3.12%     31.62% |        6853      3.13%     34.74% |        6833      3.12%     37.86% |        6815      3.11%     40.97% |        6837      3.12%     44.09% |        6820      3.11%     47.20% |        6806      3.10%     50.30% |        6852      3.12%     53.43% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6830      3.11%     59.65% |        6832      3.12%     62.77% |        6819      3.11%     65.88% |        6851      3.12%     69.00% |        6827      3.11%     72.12% |        6781      3.09%     75.21% |        6805      3.10%     78.31% |        6813      3.11%     81.42% |        6790      3.10%     84.52% |        6782      3.09%     87.61% |        6791      3.10%     90.71% |        6781      3.09%     93.80% |        6790      3.10%     96.90% |        6804      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1816      3.41%      3.41% |        1701      3.20%      6.61% |        1730      3.25%      9.87% |        1676      3.15%     13.02% |        1677      3.15%     16.17% |        1669      3.14%     19.31% |        1672      3.14%     22.45% |        1656      3.11%     25.56% |        1671      3.14%     28.71% |        1704      3.20%     31.91% |        1690      3.18%     35.09% |        1644      3.09%     38.18% |        1691      3.18%     41.36% |        1683      3.16%     44.52% |        1700      3.20%     47.72% |        1644      3.09%     50.81% |        1659      3.12%     53.93% |        1642      3.09%     57.01% |        1633      3.07%     60.08% |        1622      3.05%     63.13% |        1626      3.06%     66.19% |        1640      3.08%     69.28% |        1625      3.06%     72.33% |        1614      3.03%     75.36% |        1654      3.11%     78.47% |        1676      3.15%     81.63% |        1666      3.13%     84.76% |        1619      3.04%     87.80% |        1641      3.09%     90.89% |        1623      3.05%     93.94% |        1622      3.05%     96.99% |        1602      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10967      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9618      3.14%      9.85% |        9529      3.11%     12.96% |        9513      3.11%     16.07% |        9527      3.11%     19.19% |        9510      3.11%     22.29% |        9505      3.11%     25.40% |        9538      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.65% |        9590      3.13%     34.78% |        9524      3.11%     37.89% |        9553      3.12%     41.01% |        9567      3.13%     44.14% |        9567      3.13%     47.26% |        9497      3.10%     50.37% |        9558      3.12%     53.49% |        9517      3.11%     56.60% |        9511      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.81% |        9493      3.10%     65.91% |        9540      3.12%     69.03% |        9500      3.10%     72.13% |        9442      3.09%     75.22% |        9507      3.11%     78.33% |        9538      3.12%     81.44% |        9505      3.11%     84.55% |        9447      3.09%     87.63% |        9479      3.10%     90.73% |        9452      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306059                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9943      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8594      3.14%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8489      3.11%     16.13% |        8503      3.11%     19.24% |        8486      3.11%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.45% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8566      3.13%     34.83% |        8500      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.06% |        8543      3.13%     44.18% |        8543      3.13%     47.31% |        8473      3.10%     50.41% |        8534      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8469      3.10%     65.95% |        8516      3.12%     69.06% |        8476      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8483      3.10%     78.35% |        8514      3.12%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8423      3.08%     87.65% |        8455      3.09%     90.74% |        8428      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8431      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        7000      3.22%      3.22% |        6792      3.13%      6.35% |        6787      3.13%      9.48% |        6768      3.12%     12.60% |        6896      3.18%     15.78% |        6813      3.14%     18.91% |        6774      3.12%     22.03% |        6793      3.13%     25.16% |        6899      3.18%     28.34% |        6770      3.12%     31.46% |        6758      3.11%     34.57% |        6748      3.11%     37.68% |        6916      3.19%     40.87% |        6679      3.08%     43.95% |        6783      3.12%     47.07% |        6760      3.11%     50.19% |        6943      3.20%     53.38% |        6684      3.08%     56.46% |        6741      3.11%     59.57% |        6709      3.09%     62.66% |        6948      3.20%     65.86% |        6713      3.09%     68.95% |        6662      3.07%     72.02% |        6750      3.11%     75.13% |        6874      3.17%     78.30% |        6676      3.08%     81.37% |        6672      3.07%     84.45% |        6635      3.06%     87.51% |        6966      3.21%     90.71% |        6744      3.11%     93.82% |        6754      3.11%     96.93% |        6658      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       217065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         630      3.18%      3.18% |         614      3.10%      6.28% |         602      3.04%      9.31% |         617      3.11%     12.43% |         618      3.12%     15.54% |         626      3.16%     18.70% |         623      3.14%     21.85% |         621      3.13%     24.98% |         626      3.16%     28.14% |         613      3.09%     31.23% |         628      3.17%     34.40% |         610      3.08%     37.48% |         617      3.11%     40.59% |         621      3.13%     43.72% |         630      3.18%     46.90% |         621      3.13%     50.04% |         604      3.05%     53.08% |         614      3.10%     56.18% |         616      3.11%     59.29% |         618      3.12%     62.41% |         620      3.13%     65.53% |         611      3.08%     68.62% |         630      3.18%     71.80% |         627      3.16%     74.96% |         616      3.11%     78.07% |         604      3.05%     81.12% |         605      3.05%     84.17% |         613      3.09%     87.26% |         630      3.18%     90.44% |         625      3.15%     93.59% |         632      3.19%     96.78% |         638      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        19820                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         397      3.08%      3.08% |         399      3.10%      6.18% |         409      3.17%      9.35% |         406      3.15%     12.50% |         411      3.19%     15.69% |         403      3.13%     18.82% |         410      3.18%     22.00% |         405      3.14%     25.15% |         402      3.12%     28.27% |         404      3.14%     31.40% |         410      3.18%     34.59% |         405      3.14%     37.73% |         410      3.18%     40.91% |         408      3.17%     44.08% |         408      3.17%     47.24% |         406      3.15%     50.40% |         408      3.17%     53.56% |         404      3.14%     56.70% |         406      3.15%     59.85% |         405      3.14%     62.99% |         397      3.08%     66.07% |         402      3.12%     69.19% |         392      3.04%     72.24% |         395      3.07%     75.30% |         395      3.07%     78.37% |         395      3.07%     81.43% |         397      3.08%     84.52% |         402      3.12%     87.64% |         399      3.10%     90.73% |         401      3.11%     93.85% |         396      3.07%     96.92% |         397      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         501      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.39% |         453      3.02%      9.41% |         448      2.99%     12.40% |         459      3.06%     15.47% |         471      3.14%     18.61% |         462      3.08%     21.70% |         461      3.08%     24.78% |         467      3.12%     27.89% |         474      3.16%     31.06% |         487      3.25%     34.31% |         476      3.18%     37.49% |         493      3.29%     40.78% |         495      3.30%     44.08% |         500      3.34%     47.42% |         484      3.23%     50.65% |         487      3.25%     53.91% |         472      3.15%     57.06% |         468      3.12%     60.18% |         446      2.98%     63.16% |         440      2.94%     66.10% |         469      3.13%     69.23% |         449      3.00%     72.23% |         446      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.37% |         478      3.19%     81.56% |         487      3.25%     84.81% |         454      3.03%     87.84% |         450      3.00%     90.85% |         455      3.04%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.98% |         453      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7567      3.20%      3.20% |        7397      3.13%      6.33% |        7377      3.12%      9.44% |        7375      3.12%     12.56% |        7506      3.17%     15.74% |        7434      3.14%     18.88% |        7391      3.12%     22.00% |        7406      3.13%     25.13% |        7517      3.18%     28.31% |        7375      3.12%     31.43% |        7379      3.12%     34.55% |        7352      3.11%     37.66% |        7525      3.18%     40.84% |        7296      3.08%     43.92% |        7407      3.13%     47.05% |        7376      3.12%     50.17% |        7541      3.19%     53.36% |        7291      3.08%     56.44% |        7350      3.11%     59.55% |        7317      3.09%     62.64% |        7556      3.19%     65.84% |        7311      3.09%     68.93% |        7281      3.08%     72.01% |        7366      3.11%     75.12% |        7480      3.16%     78.28% |        7270      3.07%     81.36% |        7265      3.07%     84.43% |        7236      3.06%     87.49% |        7582      3.21%     90.69% |        7358      3.11%     93.80% |        7371      3.12%     96.92% |        7290      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       236545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59914      5.92%      5.92% |       31596      3.12%      9.05% |       30240      2.99%     12.04% |       31219      3.09%     15.13% |       30736      3.04%     18.17% |       30058      2.97%     21.14% |       29625      2.93%     24.07% |       29710      2.94%     27.01% |       30270      2.99%     30.00% |       30470      3.01%     33.01% |       32228      3.19%     36.20% |       32476      3.21%     39.41% |       30974      3.06%     42.47% |       30198      2.99%     45.46% |       29377      2.90%     48.36% |       29754      2.94%     51.31% |       31085      3.07%     54.38% |       30232      2.99%     57.37% |       30584      3.02%     60.39% |       30603      3.03%     63.42% |       30619      3.03%     66.45% |       32750      3.24%     69.69% |       30151      2.98%     72.67% |       29845      2.95%     75.62% |       30672      3.03%     78.65% |       30685      3.03%     81.69% |       30211      2.99%     84.67% |       30143      2.98%     87.65% |       30475      3.01%     90.67% |       29906      2.96%     93.63% |       31064      3.07%     96.70% |       33396      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1011266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.26% |         378      3.02%      9.27% |         374      2.98%     12.26% |         383      3.06%     15.32% |         382      3.05%     18.36% |         381      3.04%     21.40% |         385      3.07%     24.48% |         389      3.10%     27.58% |         401      3.20%     30.78% |         406      3.24%     34.02% |         397      3.17%     37.19% |         417      3.33%     40.52% |         416      3.32%     43.84% |         419      3.34%     47.18% |         407      3.25%     50.43% |         413      3.30%     53.73% |         400      3.19%     56.92% |         391      3.12%     60.04% |         372      2.97%     63.01% |         363      2.90%     65.91% |         388      3.10%     69.00% |         373      2.98%     71.98% |         372      2.97%     74.95% |         399      3.18%     78.13% |         406      3.24%     81.37% |         414      3.30%     84.68% |         386      3.08%     87.76% |         387      3.09%     90.85% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.14%     97.03% |         372      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5283      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4066      3.18%     10.46% |        3980      3.11%     13.58% |        3970      3.11%     16.68% |        3968      3.11%     19.79% |        3968      3.11%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3970      3.11%     29.10% |        3999      3.13%     32.23% |        4015      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.08%     38.45% |        3950      3.09%     41.54% |        3965      3.10%     44.64% |        3969      3.11%     47.75% |        3924      3.07%     50.82% |        3964      3.10%     53.92% |        3936      3.08%     57.00% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3949      3.09%     66.27% |        3950      3.09%     69.36% |        3954      3.09%     72.45% |        3901      3.05%     75.51% |        3932      3.08%     78.58% |        3949      3.09%     81.67% |        3910      3.06%     84.73% |        3890      3.04%     87.78% |        3917      3.07%     90.84% |        3894      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3921      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5177      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5179      3.12%     46.90% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5202      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5176      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5172      3.12%     87.51% |        5175      3.12%     90.64% |        5176      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2820      3.13%      3.13% |        2764      3.07%      6.19% |        2852      3.16%      9.36% |        2875      3.19%     12.54% |        2918      3.24%     15.78% |        2872      3.19%     18.97% |        2888      3.20%     22.17% |        2775      3.08%     25.25% |        2794      3.10%     28.35% |        2802      3.11%     31.45% |        2859      3.17%     34.62% |        2791      3.10%     37.72% |        2856      3.17%     40.89% |        2830      3.14%     44.02% |        2890      3.21%     47.23% |        2836      3.15%     50.38% |        2829      3.14%     53.51% |        2751      3.05%     56.56% |        2867      3.18%     59.74% |        2781      3.08%     62.83% |        2826      3.13%     65.96% |        2757      3.06%     69.02% |        2792      3.10%     72.12% |        2790      3.09%     75.21% |        2822      3.13%     78.34% |        2762      3.06%     81.40% |        2798      3.10%     84.51% |        2787      3.09%     87.60% |        2833      3.14%     90.74% |        2776      3.08%     93.82% |        2791      3.10%     96.91% |        2783      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        90167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1030      3.16%      3.16% |        1017      3.12%      6.27% |        1011      3.10%      9.37% |        1014      3.11%     12.48% |        1021      3.13%     15.61% |        1039      3.18%     18.80% |         990      3.03%     21.83% |        1027      3.15%     24.98% |        1041      3.19%     28.17% |        1023      3.14%     31.30% |        1020      3.13%     34.43% |        1000      3.07%     37.50% |        1032      3.16%     40.66% |        1007      3.09%     43.75% |        1057      3.24%     46.99% |         971      2.98%     49.96% |        1043      3.20%     53.16% |        1016      3.11%     56.27% |        1018      3.12%     59.39% |        1012      3.10%     62.50% |        1019      3.12%     65.62% |        1053      3.23%     68.85% |        1024      3.14%     71.98% |        1022      3.13%     75.12% |         994      3.05%     78.16% |        1006      3.08%     81.25% |        1014      3.11%     84.36% |         996      3.05%     87.41% |        1048      3.21%     90.62% |        1014      3.11%     93.73% |        1040      3.19%     96.92% |        1006      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        32625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6535      3.21%      3.21% |        6377      3.13%      6.33% |        6371      3.13%      9.46% |        6360      3.12%     12.58% |        6479      3.18%     15.76% |        6384      3.13%     18.89% |        6388      3.13%     22.02% |        6373      3.13%     25.15% |        6475      3.18%     28.33% |        6358      3.12%     31.44% |        6341      3.11%     34.55% |        6356      3.12%     37.67% |        6498      3.19%     40.86% |        6282      3.08%     43.94% |        6337      3.11%     47.05% |        6394      3.14%     50.19% |        6511      3.19%     53.38% |        6283      3.08%     56.46% |        6341      3.11%     59.57% |        6301      3.09%     62.66% |        6535      3.21%     65.87% |        6268      3.07%     68.94% |        6253      3.07%     72.01% |        6337      3.11%     75.12% |        6487      3.18%     78.30% |        6271      3.08%     81.38% |        6263      3.07%     84.45% |        6241      3.06%     87.51% |        6520      3.20%     90.71% |        6336      3.11%     93.82% |        6327      3.10%     96.92% |        6273      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       203855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         423      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.08%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         439      3.07%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         473      3.31%     40.51% |         472      3.30%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         463      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.27%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.40% |         472      3.30%     84.70% |         439      3.07%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.13%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29105     21.43%     21.43% |        4170      3.07%     24.50% |        3103      2.29%     26.79% |        3923      2.89%     29.68% |        3259      2.40%     32.08% |        2994      2.20%     34.28% |        2776      2.04%     36.33% |        2787      2.05%     38.38% |        2837      2.09%     40.47% |        3388      2.50%     42.96% |        5152      3.79%     46.76% |        4976      3.66%     50.42% |        3631      2.67%     53.10% |        3334      2.46%     55.55% |        2525      1.86%     57.41% |        2882      2.12%     59.53% |        3701      2.73%     62.26% |        3285      2.42%     64.68% |        3444      2.54%     67.22% |        3403      2.51%     69.72% |        3252      2.39%     72.12% |        4632      3.41%     75.53% |        3094      2.28%     77.81% |        2869      2.11%     79.92% |        3031      2.23%     82.15% |        3532      2.60%     84.75% |        3084      2.27%     87.02% |        2698      1.99%     89.01% |        3020      2.22%     91.23% |        2772      2.04%     93.28% |        3322      2.45%     95.72% |        5809      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1854      3.34%      9.65% |        1545      2.78%     12.43% |        1724      3.11%     15.54% |        1640      2.95%     18.50% |        1528      2.75%     21.25% |        1375      2.48%     23.73% |        1413      2.55%     26.27% |        1551      2.79%     29.07% |        1522      2.74%     31.81% |        1512      2.72%     34.53% |        2031      3.66%     38.19% |        1466      2.64%     40.83% |        1374      2.48%     43.31% |        1349      2.43%     45.74% |        1440      2.59%     48.33% |        1521      2.74%     51.07% |        1481      2.67%     53.74% |        1655      2.98%     56.72% |        1727      3.11%     59.83% |        1538      2.77%     62.61% |        2582      4.65%     67.26% |        1601      2.88%     70.14% |        1563      2.82%     72.96% |        1817      3.27%     76.23% |        1676      3.02%     79.25% |        1702      3.07%     82.32% |        2084      3.75%     86.07% |        1620      2.92%     88.99% |        1704      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2132      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8029      3.66%      3.66% |        6804      3.11%      6.77% |        6823      3.11%      9.88% |        6801      3.10%     12.99% |        6786      3.10%     16.09% |        6802      3.10%     19.19% |        6787      3.10%     22.29% |        6798      3.10%     25.39% |        6815      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.62% |        6832      3.12%     34.73% |        6827      3.12%     37.85% |        6810      3.11%     40.96% |        6834      3.12%     44.08% |        6814      3.11%     47.19% |        6803      3.11%     50.29% |        6848      3.13%     53.42% |        6825      3.12%     56.53% |        6826      3.12%     59.65% |        6828      3.12%     62.76% |        6813      3.11%     65.87% |        6843      3.12%     69.00% |        6823      3.11%     72.11% |        6779      3.09%     75.21% |        6801      3.10%     78.31% |        6810      3.11%     81.42% |        6785      3.10%     84.52% |        6779      3.09%     87.61% |        6785      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6787      3.10%     96.90% |        6799      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219096                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1314      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1282      3.36%     10.08% |        1222      3.21%     13.29% |        1212      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1200      3.15%     29.06% |        1230      3.23%     32.29% |        1217      3.19%     35.48% |        1168      3.07%     38.55% |        1195      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.80% |        1200      3.15%     47.95% |        1158      3.04%     50.99% |        1170      3.07%     54.06% |        1165      3.06%     57.12% |        1162      3.05%     60.17% |        1170      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1166      3.06%     69.40% |        1169      3.07%     72.47% |        1159      3.04%     75.51% |        1174      3.08%     78.59% |        1191      3.13%     81.71% |        1172      3.08%     84.79% |        1156      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.10%     90.93% |        1161      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7567      3.20%      3.20% |        7397      3.13%      6.33% |        7377      3.12%      9.44% |        7375      3.12%     12.56% |        7506      3.17%     15.74% |        7434      3.14%     18.88% |        7391      3.12%     22.00% |        7406      3.13%     25.13% |        7517      3.18%     28.31% |        7375      3.12%     31.43% |        7379      3.12%     34.55% |        7352      3.11%     37.66% |        7525      3.18%     40.84% |        7296      3.08%     43.92% |        7407      3.13%     47.05% |        7376      3.12%     50.17% |        7541      3.19%     53.36% |        7291      3.08%     56.44% |        7350      3.11%     59.55% |        7317      3.09%     62.64% |        7556      3.19%     65.84% |        7311      3.09%     68.93% |        7281      3.08%     72.01% |        7366      3.11%     75.12% |        7480      3.16%     78.28% |        7270      3.07%     81.36% |        7265      3.07%     84.43% |        7236      3.06%     87.49% |        7582      3.21%     90.69% |        7358      3.11%     93.80% |        7371      3.12%     96.92% |        7290      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       236545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        9238      3.17%      3.17% |        9040      3.10%      6.26% |        9030      3.10%      9.36% |        9099      3.12%     12.48% |        9260      3.17%     15.65% |        9014      3.09%     18.74% |        9015      3.09%     21.83% |        9046      3.10%     24.93% |        9276      3.18%     28.11% |        9062      3.11%     31.22% |        9063      3.11%     34.32% |        9050      3.10%     37.43% |        9274      3.18%     40.61% |        9104      3.12%     43.73% |        9006      3.09%     46.81% |        9027      3.09%     49.91% |        9237      3.17%     53.07% |        9117      3.12%     56.20% |        9064      3.11%     59.30% |        9082      3.11%     62.42% |        9201      3.15%     65.57% |        9131      3.13%     68.70% |        9106      3.12%     71.82% |        9035      3.10%     74.92% |        9293      3.19%     78.10% |        9133      3.13%     81.23% |        9126      3.13%     84.36% |        9121      3.13%     87.49% |        9216      3.16%     90.65% |        9060      3.11%     93.75% |        9086      3.11%     96.87% |        9140      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       291752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42874      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14586      3.05%     18.03% |       13812      2.89%     20.92% |       13441      2.81%     23.73% |       13063      2.73%     26.46% |       13102      2.74%     29.21% |       13315      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15625      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14019      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.29% |       12805      2.68%     49.97% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14153      2.96%     55.69% |       13669      2.86%     58.55% |       14014      2.93%     61.49% |       14042      2.94%     64.43% |       13693      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13602      2.85%     73.52% |       13286      2.78%     76.30% |       13744      2.88%     79.17% |       14126      2.96%     82.13% |       13661      2.86%     84.99% |       13628      2.85%     87.84% |       13521      2.83%     90.67% |       13329      2.79%     93.46% |       14444      3.02%     96.48% |       16798      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.55%      4.55% |           7      6.36%     10.91% |           6      5.45%     16.36% |           3      2.73%     19.09% |           2      1.82%     20.91% |           5      4.55%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           3      2.73%     28.18% |           5      4.55%     32.73% |           3      2.73%     35.45% |           5      4.55%     40.00% |           3      2.73%     42.73% |           1      0.91%     43.64% |           3      2.73%     46.36% |           1      0.91%     47.27% |           2      1.82%     49.09% |           1      0.91%     50.00% |           3      2.73%     52.73% |           3      2.73%     55.45% |           5      4.55%     60.00% |           7      6.36%     66.36% |           4      3.64%     70.00% |           2      1.82%     71.82% |           4      3.64%     75.45% |           3      2.73%     78.18% |           5      4.55%     82.73% |           3      2.73%     85.45% |           5      4.55%     90.00% |           3      2.73%     92.73% |           3      2.73%     95.45% |           5      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          35      4.45%      4.45% |          23      2.92%      7.37% |          25      3.18%     10.55% |          23      2.92%     13.47% |          24      3.05%     16.52% |          28      3.56%     20.08% |          26      3.30%     23.38% |          24      3.05%     26.43% |          25      3.18%     29.61% |          20      2.54%     32.15% |          24      3.05%     35.20% |          21      2.67%     37.87% |          23      2.92%     40.79% |          24      3.05%     43.84% |          24      3.05%     46.89% |          23      2.92%     49.81% |          22      2.80%     52.60% |          23      2.92%     55.53% |          22      2.80%     58.32% |          27      3.43%     61.75% |          28      3.56%     65.31% |          35      4.45%     69.76% |          25      3.18%     72.94% |          25      3.18%     76.11% |          20      2.54%     78.65% |          22      2.80%     81.45% |          22      2.80%     84.24% |          24      3.05%     87.29% |          21      2.67%     89.96% |          25      3.18%     93.14% |          28      3.56%     96.70% |          26      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9943      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8594      3.14%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8489      3.11%     16.13% |        8503      3.11%     19.24% |        8486      3.11%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.45% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8566      3.13%     34.83% |        8500      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.06% |        8543      3.13%     44.18% |        8543      3.13%     47.31% |        8473      3.10%     50.41% |        8534      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8469      3.10%     65.95% |        8516      3.12%     69.06% |        8476      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8483      3.10%     78.35% |        8514      3.12%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8423      3.08%     87.65% |        8455      3.09%     90.74% |        8428      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8431      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     47.93%     47.93% |           5      4.13%     52.07% |           4      3.31%     55.37% |           3      2.48%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           3      2.48%     60.33% |           2      1.65%     61.98% |           3      2.48%     64.46% |           2      1.65%     66.12% |           0      0.00%     66.12% |           1      0.83%     66.94% |           0      0.00%     66.94% |           1      0.83%     67.77% |           1      0.83%     68.60% |           2      1.65%     70.25% |           1      0.83%     71.07% |           3      2.48%     73.55% |           3      2.48%     76.03% |           3      2.48%     78.51% |           1      0.83%     79.34% |           3      2.48%     81.82% |           2      1.65%     83.47% |           4      3.31%     86.78% |           3      2.48%     89.26% |           5      4.13%     93.39% |           3      2.48%     95.87% |           3      2.48%     98.35% |           2      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.28%      2.28% |           4      1.83%      4.11% |           8      3.65%      7.76% |           7      3.20%     10.96% |           8      3.65%     14.61% |           5      2.28%     16.89% |           6      2.74%     19.63% |           8      3.65%     23.29% |           8      3.65%     26.94% |           5      2.28%     29.22% |           5      2.28%     31.51% |           3      1.37%     32.88% |           6      2.74%     35.62% |           4      1.83%     37.44% |           5      2.28%     39.73% |           5      2.28%     42.01% |           5      2.28%     44.29% |           6      2.74%     47.03% |           5      2.28%     49.32% |           9      4.11%     53.42% |           9      4.11%     57.53% |          10      4.57%     62.10% |           8      3.65%     65.75% |          10      4.57%     70.32% |           7      3.20%     73.52% |           8      3.65%     77.17% |           8      3.65%     80.82% |           9      4.11%     84.93% |           9      4.11%     89.04% |           8      3.65%     92.69% |          12      5.48%     98.17% |           4      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          30      5.28%      5.28% |          19      3.35%      8.63% |          17      2.99%     11.62% |          16      2.82%     14.44% |          16      2.82%     17.25% |          23      4.05%     21.30% |          20      3.52%     24.82% |          16      2.82%     27.64% |          17      2.99%     30.63% |          15      2.64%     33.27% |          19      3.35%     36.62% |          18      3.17%     39.79% |          17      2.99%     42.78% |          20      3.52%     46.30% |          19      3.35%     49.65% |          18      3.17%     52.82% |          17      2.99%     55.81% |          17      2.99%     58.80% |          17      2.99%     61.80% |          18      3.17%     64.96% |          19      3.35%     68.31% |          25      4.40%     72.71% |          17      2.99%     75.70% |          15      2.64%     78.35% |          13      2.29%     80.63% |          14      2.46%     83.10% |          14      2.46%     85.56% |          15      2.64%     88.20% |          12      2.11%     90.32% |          17      2.99%     93.31% |          16      2.82%     96.13% |          22      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         397      3.13%      3.13% |         399      3.15%      6.27% |         345      2.72%      8.99% |         405      3.19%     12.19% |         411      3.24%     15.43% |         403      3.18%     18.60% |         408      3.22%     21.82% |         402      3.17%     24.99% |         401      3.16%     28.15% |         402      3.17%     31.32% |         301      2.37%     33.69% |         404      3.18%     36.88% |         408      3.22%     40.09% |         406      3.20%     43.29% |         406      3.20%     46.49% |         404      3.18%     49.68% |         406      3.20%     52.88% |         403      3.18%     56.05% |         405      3.19%     59.25% |         404      3.18%     62.43% |         396      3.12%     65.55% |         402      3.17%     68.72% |         392      3.09%     71.81% |         395      3.11%     74.93% |         395      3.11%     78.04% |         395      3.11%     81.15% |         397      3.13%     84.28% |         402      3.17%     87.45% |         399      3.15%     90.60% |         400      3.15%     93.75% |         396      3.12%     96.87% |         397      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         423      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         441      3.08%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         439      3.07%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         473      3.31%     40.51% |         472      3.30%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         463      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.27%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.40% |         472      3.30%     84.70% |         439      3.07%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.13%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.32%     32.32% |           1      0.51%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           2      1.01%     33.84% |           3      1.52%     35.35% |           1      0.51%     35.86% |           2      1.01%     36.87% |         109     55.05%     91.92% |           1      0.51%     92.42% |           2      1.01%     93.43% |           2      1.01%     94.44% |           2      1.01%     95.45% |           2      1.01%     96.46% |           2      1.01%     97.47% |           1      0.51%     97.98% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.99% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          54      3.02%      3.02% |          52      2.90%      5.92% |          60      3.35%      9.27% |          56      3.13%     12.40% |          53      2.96%     15.35% |          46      2.57%     17.92% |          48      2.68%     20.60% |          56      3.13%     23.73% |          59      3.29%     27.02% |          65      3.63%     30.65% |          44      2.46%     33.11% |          64      3.57%     36.68% |          63      3.52%     40.20% |          54      3.02%     43.22% |          45      2.51%     45.73% |          50      2.79%     48.52% |          73      4.08%     52.60% |          67      3.74%     56.34% |          58      3.24%     59.58% |          52      2.90%     62.48% |          56      3.13%     65.61% |          68      3.80%     69.40% |          54      3.02%     72.42% |          51      2.85%     75.27% |          58      3.24%     78.50% |          65      3.63%     82.13% |          69      3.85%     85.99% |          59      3.29%     89.28% |          41      2.29%     91.57% |          50      2.79%     94.36% |          54      3.02%     97.38% |          47      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1791                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5229      4.15%      4.15% |        3966      3.15%      7.30% |        4006      3.18%     10.48% |        3924      3.11%     13.59% |        3917      3.11%     16.70% |        3922      3.11%     19.81% |        3920      3.11%     22.93% |        3906      3.10%     26.03% |        3911      3.10%     29.13% |        3934      3.12%     32.25% |        3971      3.15%     35.41% |        3866      3.07%     38.47% |        3887      3.09%     41.56% |        3911      3.10%     44.66% |        3924      3.11%     47.78% |        3874      3.07%     50.85% |        3891      3.09%     53.94% |        3869      3.07%     57.01% |        3882      3.08%     60.09% |        3896      3.09%     63.19% |        3893      3.09%     66.28% |        3882      3.08%     69.36% |        3900      3.10%     72.45% |        3850      3.06%     75.51% |        3874      3.07%     78.58% |        3884      3.08%     81.67% |        3841      3.05%     84.72% |        3831      3.04%     87.76% |        3876      3.08%     90.83% |        3844      3.05%     93.88% |        3831      3.04%     96.93% |        3874      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         464      3.24%      3.24% |         426      2.97%      6.22% |         438      3.06%      9.27% |         430      3.00%     12.28% |         436      3.04%     15.32% |         428      2.99%     18.31% |         429      3.00%     21.31% |         441      3.08%     24.39% |         448      3.13%     27.51% |         466      3.25%     30.77% |         450      3.14%     33.91% |         461      3.22%     37.13% |         480      3.35%     40.48% |         470      3.28%     43.76% |         464      3.24%     47.00% |         457      3.19%     50.20% |         486      3.39%     53.59% |         467      3.26%     56.85% |         449      3.14%     59.99% |         424      2.96%     62.95% |         419      2.93%     65.87% |         456      3.18%     69.06% |         427      2.98%     72.04% |         423      2.95%     74.99% |         457      3.19%     78.18% |         471      3.29%     81.47% |         483      3.37%     84.85% |         444      3.10%     87.95% |         428      2.99%     90.94% |         432      3.02%     93.95% |         447      3.12%     97.07% |         419      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5177      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5179      3.12%     46.90% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5202      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5176      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5172      3.12%     87.51% |        5175      3.12%     90.64% |        5176      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          51      2.18%      2.18% |          55      2.35%      4.53% |          55      2.35%      6.88% |          71      3.03%      9.91% |          49      2.09%     12.00% |          75      3.20%     15.21% |          65      2.78%     17.98% |          71      3.03%     21.02% |          75      3.20%     24.22% |          61      2.61%     26.83% |          69      2.95%     29.77% |          76      3.25%     33.02% |          85      3.63%     36.65% |          70      2.99%     39.64% |          82      3.50%     43.14% |          95      4.06%     47.20% |          72      3.08%     50.28% |          76      3.25%     53.52% |          84      3.59%     57.11% |          95      4.06%     61.17% |          78      3.33%     64.50% |          81      3.46%     67.96% |          93      3.97%     71.94% |          79      3.37%     75.31% |          73      3.12%     78.43% |          68      2.90%     81.33% |          85      3.63%     84.96% |          82      3.50%     88.47% |          75      3.20%     91.67% |          53      2.26%     93.93% |          68      2.90%     96.84% |          74      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         126      2.02%      2.02% |         145      2.33%      4.35% |         126      2.02%      6.38% |         130      2.09%      8.47% |         111      1.78%     10.25% |         171      2.75%     13.00% |         135      2.17%     15.17% |         160      2.57%     17.74% |         171      2.75%     20.49% |         119      1.91%     22.40% |         153      2.46%     24.86% |         244      3.92%     28.78% |         216      3.47%     32.25% |         257      4.13%     36.38% |         222      3.57%     39.95% |         201      3.23%     43.18% |         155      2.49%     45.67% |         213      3.42%     49.09% |         264      4.24%     53.33% |         302      4.85%     58.19% |         212      3.41%     61.59% |         217      3.49%     65.08% |         221      3.55%     68.63% |         285      4.58%     73.21% |         289      4.64%     77.86% |         263      4.23%     82.08% |         250      4.02%     86.10% |         261      4.19%     90.29% |         107      1.72%     92.01% |         186      2.99%     95.00% |         120      1.93%     96.93% |         191      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         6223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         156      2.14%      2.14% |         192      2.63%      4.77% |         198      2.71%      7.48% |         186      2.55%     10.02% |         199      2.72%     12.75% |         196      2.68%     15.43% |         210      2.88%     18.31% |         183      2.51%     20.81% |         191      2.62%     23.43% |         210      2.88%     26.30% |         217      2.97%     29.28% |         247      3.38%     32.66% |         218      2.99%     35.64% |         253      3.46%     39.11% |         228      3.12%     42.23% |         234      3.20%     45.43% |         209      2.86%     48.30% |         187      2.56%     50.86% |         264      3.61%     54.47% |         294      4.03%     58.50% |         268      3.67%     62.17% |         213      2.92%     65.08% |         242      3.31%     68.40% |         285      3.90%     72.30% |         302      4.14%     76.43% |         271      3.71%     80.15% |         294      4.03%     84.17% |         392      5.37%     89.54% |         191      2.62%     92.15% |         204      2.79%     94.95% |         160      2.19%     97.14% |         209      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         7303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7565      3.20%      3.20% |        7394      3.13%      6.33% |        7382      3.12%      9.45% |        7374      3.12%     12.57% |        7500      3.17%     15.74% |        7423      3.14%     18.88% |        7378      3.12%     22.00% |        7400      3.13%     25.13% |        7516      3.18%     28.30% |        7381      3.12%     31.42% |        7361      3.11%     34.54% |        7356      3.11%     37.65% |        7530      3.18%     40.83% |        7289      3.08%     43.91% |        7394      3.13%     47.04% |        7365      3.11%     50.16% |        7554      3.19%     53.35% |        7299      3.09%     56.44% |        7359      3.11%     59.55% |        7313      3.09%     62.64% |        7554      3.19%     65.84% |        7321      3.10%     68.93% |        7277      3.08%     72.01% |        7359      3.11%     75.12% |        7481      3.16%     78.28% |        7277      3.08%     81.36% |        7277      3.08%     84.44% |        7237      3.06%     87.50% |        7568      3.20%     90.70% |        7350      3.11%     93.81% |        7367      3.12%     96.92% |        7279      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       236480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         132      2.44%      2.44% |         171      3.16%      5.60% |         144      2.66%      8.27% |         140      2.59%     10.86% |         141      2.61%     13.47% |         143      2.65%     16.11% |         159      2.94%     19.05% |         156      2.89%     21.94% |         154      2.85%     24.79% |         169      3.13%     27.91% |         173      3.20%     31.11% |         162      3.00%     34.11% |         189      3.50%     37.61% |         191      3.53%     41.14% |         164      3.03%     44.17% |         175      3.24%     47.41% |         161      2.98%     50.39% |         164      3.03%     53.42% |         190      3.51%     56.94% |         214      3.96%     60.90% |         160      2.96%     63.85% |         163      3.02%     66.87% |         182      3.37%     70.24% |         186      3.44%     73.68% |         198      3.66%     77.34% |         194      3.59%     80.93% |         193      3.57%     84.50% |         204      3.77%     88.27% |         159      2.94%     91.21% |         151      2.79%     94.01% |         155      2.87%     96.87% |         169      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5406                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         127      2.03%      2.03% |         144      2.31%      4.34% |         133      2.13%      6.47% |         152      2.43%      8.90% |         127      2.03%     10.93% |         163      2.61%     13.54% |         154      2.47%     16.01% |         180      2.88%     18.89% |         150      2.40%     21.29% |         125      2.00%     23.29% |         177      2.83%     26.13% |         224      3.59%     29.72% |         225      3.60%     33.32% |         226      3.62%     36.94% |         222      3.55%     40.49% |         182      2.91%     43.40% |         187      2.99%     46.40% |         194      3.11%     49.50% |         246      3.94%     53.44% |         284      4.55%     57.99% |         218      3.49%     61.48% |         206      3.30%     64.78% |         241      3.86%     68.64% |         260      4.16%     72.80% |         278      4.45%     77.25% |         252      4.03%     81.28% |         255      4.08%     85.37% |         285      4.56%     89.93% |         125      2.00%     91.93% |         187      2.99%     94.92% |         126      2.02%     96.94% |         191      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         6246                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       52349      6.76%      6.76% |       24202      3.12%      9.88% |       22858      2.95%     12.83% |       23845      3.08%     15.91% |       23236      3.00%     18.91% |       22635      2.92%     21.83% |       22247      2.87%     24.70% |       22310      2.88%     27.58% |       22754      2.94%     30.52% |       23089      2.98%     33.50% |       24867      3.21%     36.71% |       25120      3.24%     39.95% |       23444      3.03%     42.97% |       22909      2.96%     45.93% |       21983      2.84%     48.77% |       22389      2.89%     51.66% |       23531      3.04%     54.69% |       22933      2.96%     57.65% |       23225      3.00%     60.65% |       23290      3.01%     63.66% |       23065      2.98%     66.64% |       25429      3.28%     69.92% |       22874      2.95%     72.87% |       22486      2.90%     75.77% |       23191      2.99%     78.77% |       23408      3.02%     81.79% |       22934      2.96%     84.75% |       22906      2.96%     87.70% |       22907      2.96%     90.66% |       22556      2.91%     93.57% |       23697      3.06%     96.63% |       26117      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       774786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          74      1.91%      1.91% |          87      2.25%      4.17% |          90      2.33%      6.49% |          80      2.07%      8.56% |          90      2.33%     10.89% |         104      2.69%     13.58% |          89      2.30%     15.89% |          89      2.30%     18.19% |         111      2.87%     21.06% |          95      2.46%     23.52% |         113      2.92%     26.44% |         130      3.36%     29.81% |         118      3.05%     32.86% |         139      3.60%     36.46% |         135      3.49%     39.95% |         125      3.23%     43.18% |         122      3.16%     46.34% |         122      3.16%     49.50% |         134      3.47%     52.96% |         163      4.22%     57.18% |         130      3.36%     60.54% |         109      2.82%     63.36% |         146      3.78%     67.14% |         170      4.40%     71.54% |         161      4.17%     75.71% |         145      3.75%     79.46% |         174      4.50%     83.96% |         198      5.12%     89.08% |          90      2.33%     91.41% |         107      2.77%     94.18% |          87      2.25%     96.43% |         138      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          39      1.93%      1.93% |          61      3.02%      4.96% |          36      1.78%      6.74% |          50      2.48%      9.22% |          50      2.48%     11.69% |          55      2.73%     14.42% |          42      2.08%     16.50% |          61      3.02%     19.52% |          73      3.62%     23.14% |          37      1.83%     24.98% |          56      2.78%     27.75% |          64      3.17%     30.92% |          58      2.87%     33.80% |          70      3.47%     37.26% |          73      3.62%     40.88% |          58      2.87%     43.76% |          77      3.82%     47.57% |          58      2.87%     50.45% |          69      3.42%     53.87% |          92      4.56%     58.42% |          76      3.77%     62.19% |          62      3.07%     65.26% |          84      4.16%     69.43% |          84      4.16%     73.59% |          72      3.57%     77.16% |          62      3.07%     80.23% |          84      4.16%     84.39% |          87      4.31%     88.70% |          44      2.18%     90.88% |          65      3.22%     94.10% |          58      2.87%     96.98% |          61      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         2018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          11      2.94%      2.94% |          13      3.48%      6.42% |           8      2.14%      8.56% |           9      2.41%     10.96% |          12      3.21%     14.17% |          13      3.48%     17.65% |          12      3.21%     20.86% |           8      2.14%     22.99% |          15      4.01%     27.01% |           7      1.87%     28.88% |          10      2.67%     31.55% |          20      5.35%     36.90% |          11      2.94%     39.84% |           6      1.60%     41.44% |          12      3.21%     44.65% |          13      3.48%     48.13% |           9      2.41%     50.53% |           9      2.41%     52.94% |          15      4.01%     56.95% |          20      5.35%     62.30% |          11      2.94%     65.24% |          10      2.67%     67.91% |           8      2.14%     70.05% |          16      4.28%     74.33% |          12      3.21%     77.54% |          12      3.21%     80.75% |          12      3.21%     83.96% |          14      3.74%     87.70% |          19      5.08%     92.78% |           9      2.41%     95.19% |          10      2.67%     97.86% |           8      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6880      3.27%      3.27% |        6696      3.18%      6.45% |        6639      3.15%      9.61% |        6553      3.11%     12.72% |        6777      3.22%     15.94% |        6617      3.14%     19.08% |        6555      3.11%     22.20% |        6537      3.11%     25.31% |        6582      3.13%     28.43% |        6531      3.10%     31.54% |        6530      3.10%     34.64% |        6495      3.09%     37.73% |        6744      3.20%     40.93% |        6440      3.06%     43.99% |        6594      3.13%     47.13% |        6625      3.15%     50.27% |        6743      3.20%     53.48% |        6431      3.06%     56.53% |        6513      3.09%     59.63% |        6475      3.08%     62.71% |        6643      3.16%     65.86% |        6484      3.08%     68.94% |        6495      3.09%     72.03% |        6577      3.13%     75.16% |        6642      3.16%     78.31% |        6493      3.09%     81.40% |        6459      3.07%     84.47% |        6422      3.05%     87.52% |        6804      3.23%     90.75% |        6457      3.07%     93.82% |        6586      3.13%     96.95% |        6419      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       210438                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         625      3.22%      3.22% |         606      3.12%      6.33% |         593      3.05%      9.38% |         603      3.10%     12.49% |         615      3.16%     15.65% |         610      3.14%     18.79% |         614      3.16%     21.95% |         597      3.07%     25.02% |         612      3.15%     28.17% |         603      3.10%     31.27% |         616      3.17%     34.44% |         599      3.08%     37.52% |         607      3.12%     40.65% |         606      3.12%     43.76% |         619      3.18%     46.95% |         611      3.14%     50.09% |         596      3.07%     53.16% |         597      3.07%     56.23% |         609      3.13%     59.36% |         604      3.11%     62.47% |         601      3.09%     65.56% |         596      3.07%     68.63% |         620      3.19%     71.82% |         616      3.17%     74.99% |         603      3.10%     78.09% |         591      3.04%     81.13% |         592      3.05%     84.18% |         596      3.07%     87.25% |         622      3.20%     90.45% |         610      3.14%     93.58% |         630      3.24%     96.83% |         617      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        19436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          62      0.93%      0.93% |          95      1.42%      2.35% |         145      2.17%      4.53% |         219      3.28%      7.81% |         114      1.71%      9.52% |         207      3.10%     12.62% |         222      3.33%     15.95% |         272      4.08%     20.03% |         323      4.84%     24.87% |         241      3.61%     28.48% |         233      3.49%     31.97% |         258      3.87%     35.84% |         174      2.61%     38.45% |         250      3.75%     42.20% |         194      2.91%     45.11% |         140      2.10%     47.20% |         202      3.03%     50.23% |         263      3.94%     54.17% |         228      3.42%     57.59% |         238      3.57%     61.16% |         312      4.68%     65.84% |         231      3.46%     69.30% |         166      2.49%     71.79% |         173      2.59%     74.38% |         235      3.52%     77.90% |         186      2.79%     80.69% |         214      3.21%     83.90% |         218      3.27%     87.17% |         156      2.34%     89.51% |         291      4.36%     93.87% |         155      2.32%     96.19% |         254      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6671                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          57      0.91%      0.91% |          87      1.38%      2.29% |         136      2.16%      4.45% |         205      3.26%      7.71% |         111      1.77%      9.48% |         191      3.04%     12.52% |         213      3.39%     15.91% |         248      3.94%     19.85% |         309      4.91%     24.77% |         231      3.67%     28.44% |         221      3.52%     31.95% |         247      3.93%     35.88% |         164      2.61%     38.49% |         235      3.74%     42.23% |         183      2.91%     45.14% |         130      2.07%     47.21% |         194      3.09%     50.29% |         246      3.91%     54.21% |         221      3.52%     57.72% |         224      3.56%     61.29% |         293      4.66%     65.95% |         216      3.44%     69.38% |         156      2.48%     71.86% |         162      2.58%     74.44% |         222      3.53%     77.97% |         173      2.75%     80.72% |         201      3.20%     83.92% |         201      3.20%     87.12% |         148      2.35%     89.47% |         276      4.39%     93.86% |         153      2.43%     96.29% |         233      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         6287                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           5      1.30%      1.30% |           8      2.08%      3.39% |           9      2.34%      5.73% |          14      3.65%      9.38% |           3      0.78%     10.16% |          16      4.17%     14.32% |           9      2.34%     16.67% |          24      6.25%     22.92% |          14      3.65%     26.56% |          10      2.60%     29.17% |          12      3.12%     32.29% |          11      2.86%     35.16% |          10      2.60%     37.76% |          15      3.91%     41.67% |          11      2.86%     44.53% |          10      2.60%     47.14% |           8      2.08%     49.22% |          17      4.43%     53.65% |           7      1.82%     55.47% |          14      3.65%     59.11% |          19      4.95%     64.06% |          15      3.91%     67.97% |          10      2.60%     70.57% |          11      2.86%     73.44% |          13      3.39%     76.82% |          13      3.39%     80.21% |          13      3.39%     83.59% |          17      4.43%     88.02% |           8      2.08%     90.10% |          15      3.91%     94.01% |           2      0.52%     94.53% |          21      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          42      3.29%      3.29% |          48      3.76%      7.06% |          42      3.29%     10.35% |          43      3.37%     13.73% |          44      3.45%     17.18% |          37      2.90%     20.08% |          58      4.55%     24.63% |          39      3.06%     27.69% |          39      3.06%     30.75% |          45      3.53%     34.27% |          32      2.51%     36.78% |          39      3.06%     39.84% |          34      2.67%     42.51% |          44      3.45%     45.96% |          33      2.59%     48.55% |          49      3.84%     52.39% |          30      2.35%     54.75% |          44      3.45%     58.20% |          47      3.69%     61.88% |          38      2.98%     64.86% |          32      2.51%     67.37% |          31      2.43%     69.80% |          33      2.59%     72.39% |          35      2.75%     75.14% |          47      3.69%     78.82% |          38      2.98%     81.80% |          39      3.06%     84.86% |          34      2.67%     87.53% |          44      3.45%     90.98% |          43      3.37%     94.35% |          37      2.90%     97.25% |          35      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          20      3.65%      3.65% |          10      1.82%      5.47% |          20      3.65%      9.12% |          19      3.47%     12.59% |          20      3.65%     16.24% |          14      2.55%     18.80% |          14      2.55%     21.35% |           7      1.28%     22.63% |          20      3.65%     26.28% |          23      4.20%     30.47% |          20      3.65%     34.12% |          15      2.74%     36.86% |          20      3.65%     40.51% |          20      3.65%     44.16% |          23      4.20%     48.36% |          19      3.47%     51.82% |          10      1.82%     53.65% |          15      2.74%     56.39% |          22      4.01%     60.40% |          21      3.83%     64.23% |          16      2.92%     67.15% |          13      2.37%     69.53% |          11      2.01%     71.53% |          19      3.47%     75.00% |          25      4.56%     79.56% |          16      2.92%     82.48% |          20      3.65%     86.13% |          16      2.92%     89.05% |          15      2.74%     91.79% |          18      3.28%     95.07% |           9      1.64%     96.72% |          18      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          15      4.57%      4.57% |           7      2.13%      6.71% |           6      1.83%      8.54% |          12      3.66%     12.20% |           6      1.83%     14.02% |           7      2.13%     16.16% |          15      4.57%     20.73% |          14      4.27%     25.00% |          12      3.66%     28.66% |          10      3.05%     31.71% |           7      2.13%     33.84% |           8      2.44%     36.28% |          11      3.35%     39.63% |           9      2.74%     42.38% |          14      4.27%     46.65% |           9      2.74%     49.39% |          10      3.05%     52.44% |          10      3.05%     55.49% |          14      4.27%     59.76% |           9      2.74%     62.50% |           9      2.74%     65.24% |           9      2.74%     67.99% |           6      1.83%     69.82% |          12      3.66%     73.48% |          14      4.27%     77.74% |           6      1.83%     79.57% |           9      2.74%     82.32% |           8      2.44%     84.76% |           9      2.74%     87.50% |          15      4.57%     92.07% |          12      3.66%     95.73% |          14      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7505      3.26%      3.26% |        7302      3.18%      6.44% |        7232      3.15%      9.59% |        7156      3.11%     12.70% |        7392      3.22%     15.92% |        7227      3.14%     19.06% |        7169      3.12%     22.18% |        7134      3.10%     25.28% |        7194      3.13%     28.41% |        7134      3.10%     31.52% |        7146      3.11%     34.62% |        7094      3.09%     37.71% |        7351      3.20%     40.91% |        7046      3.07%     43.97% |        7213      3.14%     47.11% |        7236      3.15%     50.26% |        7339      3.19%     53.45% |        7028      3.06%     56.51% |        7122      3.10%     59.61% |        7079      3.08%     62.69% |        7244      3.15%     65.84% |        7080      3.08%     68.92% |        7115      3.10%     72.01% |        7193      3.13%     75.14% |        7245      3.15%     78.29% |        7084      3.08%     81.38% |        7051      3.07%     84.44% |        7018      3.05%     87.50% |        7426      3.23%     90.73% |        7067      3.07%     93.80% |        7216      3.14%     96.94% |        7036      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       229874                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      464820     19.80%     19.80% |     1173561     50.00%     69.80% |       87796      3.74%     73.54% |       94327      4.02%     77.56% |       88754      3.78%     81.34% |       93569      3.99%     85.33% |       89406      3.81%     89.14% |       95866      4.08%     93.22% |       76716      3.27%     96.49% |       82307      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2347122                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      464820     19.80%     19.80% |     1173561     50.00%     69.80% |       87796      3.74%     73.54% |       94327      4.02%     77.56% |       88754      3.78%     81.34% |       93569      3.99%     85.33% |       89406      3.81%     89.14% |       95866      4.08%     93.22% |       76716      3.27%     96.49% |       82307      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2347122                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      464820     19.80%     19.80% |     1173561     50.00%     69.80% |       87796      3.74%     73.54% |       94327      4.02%     77.56% |       88754      3.78%     81.34% |       93569      3.99%     85.33% |       89406      3.81%     89.14% |       95866      4.08%     93.22% |       76716      3.27%     96.49% |       82307      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2347122                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      464820     19.80%     19.80% |     1173561     50.00%     69.80% |       87796      3.74%     73.54% |       94327      4.02%     77.56% |       88754      3.78%     81.34% |       93569      3.99%     85.33% |       89406      3.81%     89.14% |       95866      4.08%     93.22% |       76716      3.27%     96.49% |       82307      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2347122                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
