
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56826165500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232994244000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               74604473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3811040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   761.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22758664                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40332127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12632128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12632128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8043712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8043712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222294218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222294218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141549442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141549442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    363843659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           363843659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197377                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12630464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8043584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12632128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8043712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    50478                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5430                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56825657000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197377                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  69408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   2334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   2503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   2577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 53897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  17106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  19116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  20153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   8889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  12122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        89949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.835485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.005999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   203.130896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        28894     32.12%     32.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24786     27.56%     59.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22623     25.15%     84.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5238      5.82%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3130      3.48%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1675      1.86%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1046      1.16%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          758      0.84%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1799      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        89949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.086966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.873517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17792     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.060730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.431312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.509199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12919     72.58%     72.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2176     12.22%     84.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1630      9.16%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1075      6.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 30165153907                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33865485157                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   152850.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              171600.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  151422                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  81653                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175898.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627689000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1897480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43299157250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              343050120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              336934080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              187180125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              183843000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767863200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771396600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            406937520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407442960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22369585590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21853292985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14472144000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14925032250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42258231435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42189412755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.664632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.453554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12406208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12406208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7826368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7826368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218318584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218318584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137724725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137724725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356043309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356043309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193849                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122287                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193849                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12404544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7826112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12406336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7826368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    45089                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5191                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56825533000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122287                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  68155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 48641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  18587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  19418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   8805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  11168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        82873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.107104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.934309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   207.197754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22751     27.45%     27.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23891     28.83%     56.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22455     27.10%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5215      6.29%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3221      3.89%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1683      2.03%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1087      1.31%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          724      0.87%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1846      2.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        82873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.211141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.215963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17281     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.073697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.443664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.504382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12393     71.69%     71.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2320     13.42%     85.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1499      8.67%     93.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1075      6.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 29042097421                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            32676241171                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   149839.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              168589.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  150213                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  83011                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               67.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179750.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1897480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43033463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              316627920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              309891960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              172763250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              169087875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754813800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756896400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396284400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396109440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22145895360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21593971485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14668363500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152507250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42166219110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42089935290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.045390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.702939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12406400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12406400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7826816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7826816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218321963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218321963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137732608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137732608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356054571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356054571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193850                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122294                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122294                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12404992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7826624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12406400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7826816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    49110                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5356                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56826092500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193850                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122294                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  68288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 52502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  18494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  19235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   8839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  11580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.336210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.379702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.846410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22047     26.95%     26.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23110     28.25%     55.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22742     27.80%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5232      6.40%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3244      3.97%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1738      2.12%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1032      1.26%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          746      0.91%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1906      2.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.214315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.297898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17278     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.075797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.443137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.510270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12415     71.83%     71.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2236     12.94%     84.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1584      9.17%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1048      6.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 29476327540                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            33110602540                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   152074.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              170824.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  150795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  83523                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               68.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179747.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11876565250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1897480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43050385750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              311804640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              306558000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              170131500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              167268750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755125800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756654600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396213120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396232560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21896681670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21400885980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14886972000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321880500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42128399610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42060951270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          741.379838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.192876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12385664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12385664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7824640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7824640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    217957061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            217957061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137694316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137694316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    355651377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           355651377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122260                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122260                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12384320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7824576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12385664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7824640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    44372                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5034                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56825105000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122260                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 47749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  18552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  19275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   8851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  11171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.852233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.236136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.482036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21605     26.50%     26.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23446     28.76%     55.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22689     27.83%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5143      6.31%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3256      3.99%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1707      2.09%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1088      1.33%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          689      0.85%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1911      2.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.201216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.004659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17269     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.077221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.445598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.505260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12386     71.70%     71.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2277     13.18%     84.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1585      9.18%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1027      5.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28912028872                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            32540247622                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   149412.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              168162.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      217.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   217.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  150433                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  83792                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               68.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179948.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1897480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43303763000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              310844520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              305522280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              169607625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              166703625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753113400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756155400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            395973360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396232560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3711470880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21884593680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21166176510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14897575500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527766000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42123178965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42030027255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          741.287965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.648672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7051968                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.290832                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.077664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                92.990992                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6734246     95.49%     95.49% |      102185      1.45%     96.94% |       68585      0.97%     97.92% |       50523      0.72%     98.63% |       38522      0.55%     99.18% |       31555      0.45%     99.63% |       18411      0.26%     99.89% |        7218      0.10%     99.99% |         723      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7051968                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15920411                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.450864                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.680877                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.210154                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14486064     90.99%     90.99% |      927247      5.82%     96.81% |       53516      0.34%     97.15% |       56427      0.35%     97.51% |       58170      0.37%     97.87% |       58514      0.37%     98.24% |       60446      0.38%     98.62% |       68643      0.43%     99.05% |      151384      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15920411                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15920408                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              36.491569                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.157826                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            185.456965                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15765179     99.02%     99.02% |      131926      0.83%     99.85% |       21156      0.13%     99.99% |        2017      0.01%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15920408                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14743225                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000345                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000298                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018572                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14738138     99.97%     99.97% |        5087      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14743225                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177183                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        455.940924                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       247.493447                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       524.564862                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1021954     86.81%     86.81% |      131926     11.21%     98.02% |       21156      1.80%     99.82% |        2017      0.17%     99.99% |         125      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177183                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         189217                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       189217                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          238                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          220                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          249                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          214                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10992129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11502083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3746939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124093                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3871032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       273090                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22321                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       115532                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529044                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47682                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        15971                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15931                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        15978                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15978                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        16021                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        15953                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16051                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16050                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8660                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10855                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9709036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9709036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9943009                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9709036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4337928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4316736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9709036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.085428                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4892885                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4892885                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5117227                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4892885                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2582050                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2561697                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4892885                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.043051                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3857267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3857267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4073931                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3857267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1589229                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1576311                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3857267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033939                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3397385                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3397385                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3606840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3397385                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1448199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1438877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3397385                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4067210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4067210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4291306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4067210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1987978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1961662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4067210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035786                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4054131                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4054131                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4275124                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4054131                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1923378                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1911039                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4054131                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035671                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4717666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4717666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4983288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4717666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1813254                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1798142                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4717666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041510                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3454090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3454090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3701130                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3454090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1435330                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1421026                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3454090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2362929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2362929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2477839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2362929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1039160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1031537                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2362929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2898687                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2898687                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3073037                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2898687                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1364645                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1350615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2898687                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025505                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2114158                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       826915                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017957                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1747256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694575                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2153441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2153441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2181137                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2153441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974668                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       973969                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2153441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018948                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1804936                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1804936                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1826590                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1804936                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733870                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733316                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1804936                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015881                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075128                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075128                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1094626                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075128                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416498                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415732                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075128                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009460                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1619560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621122                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619719                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013916                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110281                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110281                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2148804                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110281                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775305                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773401                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110281                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672315                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672315                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1712217                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672315                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       637460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672315                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014714                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632525                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632525                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1687056                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632525                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       651734                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649061                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632525                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014364                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946193                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946193                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       964249                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946193                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374930                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374289                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946193                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919209                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919209                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922583                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919209                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415460                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415405                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919209                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550597                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010146                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998175                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998175                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003702                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998175                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440796                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440707                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998175                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008783                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626748                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626748                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626748                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626748                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258128                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258128                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626748                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869231                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363721                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363668                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007619                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079379                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079379                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1084471                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079379                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507447                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507143                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079379                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009497                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985700                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985700                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985700                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428153                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428064                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985700                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008673                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632227                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632227                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632227                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632227                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258815                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258815                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632227                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005563                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3903062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3903062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4208803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3903062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1617173                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1611234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3903062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4052047                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1555918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549279                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033752                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869044                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869044                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4147138                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869044                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1546257                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538312                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869044                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034043                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4018351                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4018351                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4274932                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4018351                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1626948                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1616955                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4018351                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035357                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6119767     28.57%     28.57% |    14233434     66.45%     95.02% |     1066943      4.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21420144                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6119767     28.57%     28.57% |    14233435     66.45%     95.02% |     1066943      4.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21420145                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   210198257                       |   355132768                       |    24523102                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   299575143                       |    56818666                       |     1066944                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   34.347428                       |   24.950603                       |   22.984454                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   48.952050                       |    3.991916                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.537356                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    16.688065                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         44.225421                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002984                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.066340      7.22%      7.22% |    0.066209      7.20%     14.42% |    0.065674      7.15%     21.57% |    0.065384      7.11%     28.68% |    0.153885     16.74%     45.42% |    0.150103     16.33%     61.75% |    0.153734     16.73%     78.48% |    0.149947     16.31%     94.79% |    0.011968      1.30%     96.09% |    0.011973      1.30%     97.40% |    0.011970      1.30%     98.70% |    0.011969      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.919155                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022834                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027573                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002867                       |    0.002868                       |    0.002869                       |    0.002867                       |    0.002869                       |    0.002870                       |    0.002869                       |    0.002870                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005360                       |    0.002835                       |    0.002647                       |    0.002797                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002633                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002693                       |    0.002742                       |    0.002826                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002689                       |    0.002779                       |    0.002716                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002751                       |    0.002762                       |    0.003051                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002764                       |    0.002832                       |    0.002857                       |    0.002956                       |    0.003138                       |    0.010406                       |    0.010217                       |    0.010217                       |    0.010200                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.001166                       |    0.002833                       |    0.000209                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000207                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000207                       |    0.000215                       |    0.000199                       |    0.000202                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002817                       |    0.000217                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002977                       |    0.002077                       |    0.003580                       |    0.002741                       |    0.000199                       |    0.003725                       |    0.007574                       |    0.002972                       |           0                       |    0.002887                       |    0.007671                       |           0                       |    0.007965                       |    0.011867                       |    0.003952                       |    0.003580                       |    0.002694                       |    0.000209                       |    0.008282                       |    0.007263                       |    0.011912                       |    0.003579                       |    0.002843                       |    0.000214                       |    0.011031                       |    0.007361                       |    0.004864                       |           0                       |    0.002875                       |    0.007489                       |           0                       |    0.011276                       |    0.007232                       |    0.004880                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.005472                       |    0.003618                       |    0.003347                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.003019                       |           0                       |    0.001386                       |    0.003051                       |    0.002690                       |    0.003580                       |    0.002737                       |    0.000202                       |    0.004087                       |    0.004553                       |    0.007703                       |    0.002642                       |    0.003579                       |    0.002702                       |    0.000207                       |    0.005249                       |    0.009728                       |    0.010519                       |    0.003802                       |    0.032482                       |    0.004542                       |    0.001166                       |    0.005319                       |    0.015319                       |    0.020737                       |    0.005862                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002867                       |    0.002833                       |    0.005474                       |    0.010460                       |    0.015580                       |    0.005834                       |    0.003579                       |    0.002707                       |    0.000214                       |    0.007845                       |    0.007938                       |    0.008526                       |    0.004862                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.002504                       |    0.005445                       |    0.004315                       |    0.003931                       |           0                       |    0.002793                       |           0                       |    0.001259                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002700                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.000465                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |    0.002827                       |           0                       |    0.003940                       |    0.003358                       |    0.005113                       |    0.002720                       |           0                       |    0.002974                       |    0.007489                       |           0                       |    0.003077                       |    0.007962                       |    0.009804                       |    0.002737                       |    0.003579                       |    0.002680                       |    0.000207                       |    0.018437                       |    0.008272                       |    0.005521                       |    0.002813                       |    0.003580                       |    0.002708                       |    0.000215                       |    0.003842                       |    0.011122                       |    0.006176                       |    0.002748                       |           0                       |    0.003070                       |    0.007482                       |           0                       |    0.004006                       |    0.011516                       |    0.006508                       |    0.002774                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |           0                       |    0.001629                       |    0.005443                       |    0.003252                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |    0.002795                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002799                       |           0                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002728                       |           0                       |    0.002720                       |           0                       |    0.001793                       |           0                       |    0.004947                       |           0                       |    0.002737                       |           0                       |    0.003683                       |    0.001346                       |    0.006149                       |           0                       |    0.002813                       |           0                       |    0.009013                       |    0.003542                       |    0.003200                       |           0                       |    0.002748                       |           0                       |    0.001793                       |    0.006827                       |    0.003346                       |           0                       |    0.002774                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.006051                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005515                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002799                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002764                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.919155                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5044576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5044576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3449398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2823348                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.850456                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          355303                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9700158                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55077                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7876766                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103626                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9755235                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7980392                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17576924                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158703                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17735627                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3878078                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3887531                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3878078                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3887531                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110091288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14632146                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29547490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5044576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3178651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90479980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238586                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       322837                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3877445                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106327303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.510928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96094675     90.38%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1554473      1.46%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           830476      0.78%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           761032      0.72%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           822924      0.77%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           864950      0.81%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           742363      0.70%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494857      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4161553      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106327303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.268391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9295141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89248622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4709969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2730403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50654507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10436376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51708793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7428121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6183819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30227026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49313895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2130158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51555871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121433772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75593566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41118055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10437786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18606449                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4949661                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8142979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       645365                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       485678                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48067868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       279961                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50788542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215541                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12495344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106327303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.477662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85962874     80.85%     80.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7541676      7.09%     87.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5402055      5.08%     93.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2412565      2.27%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2053559      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1515374      1.43%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878517      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342611      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218072      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106327303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106595     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680253     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90847     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32608700     64.20%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9845582     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8015666     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50788542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.461331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877695                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208997539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56138284                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44691068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51430680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       828702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175493                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7756                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512628                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5781624                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4580741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44963411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48347829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4949661                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8142979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       270864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          70986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816733                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7756                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224851                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50275330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9693118                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17579296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3831052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7886178                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.456669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44771062                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44691102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24940632                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40539418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.405946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.615219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8006331                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       212092                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105050457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.383931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.200444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89327096     85.03%     85.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5589009      5.32%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5134380      4.89%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1974545      1.88%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       972744      0.93%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       337274      0.32%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219235      0.21%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311428      0.30%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1184746      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105050457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22758663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40332124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11404506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3774163                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3457182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39981000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       278380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28735857     71.25%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3774163      9.36%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7630343     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40332124                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1184746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            152115909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97959138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3763985                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22758663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40332124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.837335                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.837335                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.206725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.206725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78417182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32656892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19156576                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12906838                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25815828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1547245000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1547245000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273273                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        66.840331                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       33.256070                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      132.643695                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2959848     90.42%     90.42% |       98297      3.00%     93.43% |       68210      2.08%     95.51% |       50490      1.54%     97.05% |       38521      1.18%     98.23% |       31555      0.96%     99.19% |       18411      0.56%     99.76% |        7218      0.22%     99.98% |         723      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273273                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3762937                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.642573                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.264124                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.107673                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3743418     99.48%     99.48% |       15222      0.40%     99.89% |        2847      0.08%     99.96% |        1041      0.03%     99.99% |         283      0.01%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3762937                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15758                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.117083                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.774509                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.242913                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         559      3.55%      3.55% |        1953     12.39%     15.94% |        7200     45.69%     61.63% |        3581     22.72%     84.36% |        2416     15.33%     99.69% |          44      0.28%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15758                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4002532                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           71.401977                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.143641                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         276.468745                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3909715     97.68%     97.68% |       79495      1.99%     99.67% |       12015      0.30%     99.97% |        1227      0.03%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4002532                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3536011                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001001                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000864                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031629                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3532470     99.90%     99.90% |        3541      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3536011                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466521                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     589.849383                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    305.538250                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    592.896983                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      373704     80.10%     80.10% |       79495     17.04%     97.14% |       12015      2.58%     99.72% |        1227      0.26%     99.98% |          75      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466521                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7878441                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.486327                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.172208                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         171.405899                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7730944     98.13%     98.13% |       85117      1.08%     99.21% |       35941      0.46%     99.66% |       16463      0.21%     99.87% |        6864      0.09%     99.96% |        2272      0.03%     99.99% |         627      0.01%    100.00% |         163      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7878441                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7304062                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000198                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000171                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014074                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7302615     99.98%     99.98% |        1447      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7304062                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574379                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     434.878122                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    276.448901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    479.655119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      426882     74.32%     74.32% |       85117     14.82%     89.14% |       35941      6.26%     95.40% |       16463      2.87%     98.26% |        6864      1.20%     99.46% |        2272      0.40%     99.85% |         627      0.11%     99.96% |         163      0.03%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574379                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3871030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.641045                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.326363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      18.226349                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3868605     99.94%     99.94% |        2145      0.06%     99.99% |         216      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3871030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3746939                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001367                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3746932    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3746939                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.387570                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.190784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.586596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      121666     98.05%     98.05% |        2145      1.73%     99.77% |         216      0.17%     99.95% |          34      0.03%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.758530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.743874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164767     98.61%     98.61% |        1781      1.07%     99.68% |         461      0.28%     99.95% |          41      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154835     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.873581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.509551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.491097                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1781     14.65%     95.58% |         461      3.79%     99.37% |          41      0.34%     99.71% |          15      0.12%     99.84% |          16      0.13%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9165                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       946313                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       123383                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     8321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    15206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    38458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     8331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    15194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    38428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     8326                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   15200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   38425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    8320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   15197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   38444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    4366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    8322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   15202                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   38446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    4357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    8327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   15199                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   38440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    8329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   15192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   38421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    8324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   15198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   38422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  1266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  1291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  1290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     2109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     2168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     8040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     2094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     2151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     8060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     2094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     2167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    3609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    8060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    2107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    2166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    3599                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    8054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    2102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    2171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    3599                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    8065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    2098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    2152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    3581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    8064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    2108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    2155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    3620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    8087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    2117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    2159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    3620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    8074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  164520                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  200479                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  393795                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  833658                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  150996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  179190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  373652                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  804817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  163580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  196680                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 400540                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 845442                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 149456                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 182670                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 365739                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31605066                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30988054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31023934                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31225300                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31675123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30977411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31005322                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31198707                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31607763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               31014188                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               31069720                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31273587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31792931                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30999377                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               31052168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31253492                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31734011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4319                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 4176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8324                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                23386                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 4181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                23359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 4177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               23363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                4174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8320                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               23379                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                4177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                8324                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               23377                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 172                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                4180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                8325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               23367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                4175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                8319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               23358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                4174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                8318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               23361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                284                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                774                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               283                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               288                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               284                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               283                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               793                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                4180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               15072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                4150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               15069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                4186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                4149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               6875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              15062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4196                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              15065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4188                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6878                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              15069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               4185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               4147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6874                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              15073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               4173                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               4154                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6873                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              15063                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               4186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               4150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              15061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               222                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              227                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              487                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 225668                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 332828                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 747218                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1530169                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 222014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 334591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 737179                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1498427                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 227586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 322223                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                737146                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1549029                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                223735                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                329866                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                732650                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1475841                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                226324                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                334425                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                741683                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1525591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                222160                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                321816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                734307                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1490330                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                239053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                354328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                766881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1597715                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                235457                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                341205                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                760123                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1564993                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 19217                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                160627                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                675744                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1421743                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 19867                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                145252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                679050                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1390588                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 18874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                143503                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               675234                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1433575                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                22189                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               141457                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               675388                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1370192                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                15154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               144074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               678699                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1414413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                15777                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               151645                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               676363                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1384221                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                22294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               132505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               700915                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1465281                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                26803                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               141258                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               699418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1441848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             120464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             410304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             119400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             422229                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             120096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             404349                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            118534                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            415630                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            122054                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            416519                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121428                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            407304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            117998                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            398264                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            113897                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            407574                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               413671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               265794                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               511084                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               761858                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               408615                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               275134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               453598                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               732141                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               420274                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               272585                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              453055                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              792460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              395537                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              268617                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              444487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              719212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              412628                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              272441                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              503430                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              760889                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              403282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              261138                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              445777                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              719979                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              443608                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              381741                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              501134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              873760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              426008                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              316256                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              468219                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              827541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            19217                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           160627                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           675744                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1421743                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            19867                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           145252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           679050                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1390588                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            18874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           143503                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          675234                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1433575                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           22189                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          141457                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          675388                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1370192                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           15154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          144074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          678699                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1414413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           15777                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          151645                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          676363                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1384221                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           22294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          132505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          700915                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1465281                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           26803                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          141258                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          699418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1441848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          188175                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          243259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          483056                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          761858                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          186219                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          244014                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          453598                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          732141                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          191075                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          251773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         453055                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         792460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         188232                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         244272                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         444487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         719212                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         191153                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         243756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         482393                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         760889                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         187021                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         237729                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         445777                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         719979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         202240                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         276792                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         501134                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         873760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         198906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         258006                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         468219                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         827541                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             207164                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             310274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             734315                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1498441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             204368                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             309588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             721883                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1466699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             209322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             307258                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            721850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1517301                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            205793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            306893                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            717354                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1444113                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            206132                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            305479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            726550                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1493863                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            202197                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            305409                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            719011                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1458602                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            221217                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            344525                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            754125                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1565987                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            219520                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            329095                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            746461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1533265                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1534                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              403                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              358                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              418                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110785326                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110966002                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111356969                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110785322                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110965998                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111356965                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657423                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110785328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110966004                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111356971                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110785324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110966000                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111356967                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110785333                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110966009                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111356976                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658392                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110785329                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110966005                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111356972                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110785345                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110966021                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111356988                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110785341                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110966017                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111356984                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1559369                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1643260                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1848011                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2235644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1559036                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1638831                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1836187                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2224559                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1560314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1631177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1844904                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2248127                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1557329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1643597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1844949                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2204469                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1561929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1644345                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1846185                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2231993                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1560778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1634170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1840326                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2189998                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1569390                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1658314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1850162                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2279734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1564462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1645334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1855206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2234217                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               85                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              3531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             3517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             3527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             7630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             3526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             7618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             7625                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             3506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             7606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             2125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             3505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             7613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                64                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                64                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1542                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               64                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             5059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               64                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             5214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          147226                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          180278                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          347833                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          772749                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          130028                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          155173                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          325222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          743772                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          144361                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          175696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         355153                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         781652                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         129112                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         158967                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         319249                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         715949                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles         142315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles         174761                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         352737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         784002                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles         129848                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles         152891                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         320880                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         717744                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles         171921                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles         216201                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         404426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         904857                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles         155293                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles         200776                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         388338                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         838313                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197353     25.35%     25.35% |      193849     24.90%     50.25% |      193850     24.90%     75.14% |      193526     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119792     25.55%     25.55% |      116384     24.82%     50.37% |      116391     24.82%     75.19% |      116357     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       468924                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197377     25.35%     25.35% |      193847     24.90%     50.25% |      193849     24.90%     75.14% |      193526     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778599                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125683     25.52%     25.52% |      122287     24.83%     50.35% |      122294     24.83%     75.18% |      122260     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69369     25.05%     25.05% |       69273     25.02%     50.07% |       69267     25.02%     75.09% |       68977     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197353     25.35%     25.35% |      193849     24.90%     50.25% |      193850     24.90%     75.14% |      193526     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119548     25.54%     25.54% |      116207     24.82%     50.36% |      116214     24.82%     75.18% |      116180     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69369     25.05%     25.05% |       69273     25.02%     50.07% |       69267     25.02%     75.09% |       68977     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197353     25.35%     25.35% |      193847     24.90%     50.25% |      193849     24.90%     75.14% |      193526     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119548     25.54%     25.54% |      116207     24.82%     50.36% |      116214     24.82%     75.18% |      116180     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3706287     92.57%     92.57% |          48      0.00%     92.57% |       37185      0.93%     93.50% |       37187      0.93%     94.43% |       37185      0.93%     95.36% |       37186      0.93%     96.28% |       37185      0.93%     97.21% |       37187      0.93%     98.14% |       37186      0.93%     99.07% |       37187      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4003823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3871089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3871089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7797193     96.90%     96.90% |           0      0.00%     96.90% |       31223      0.39%     97.28% |       31224      0.39%     97.67% |       31227      0.39%     98.06% |       31224      0.39%     98.45% |       31222      0.39%     98.84% |       31224      0.39%     99.22% |       31216      0.39%     99.61% |       31217      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8046970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15265     98.25%     98.25% |          48      0.31%     98.56% |          26      0.17%     98.73% |          28      0.18%     98.91% |          20      0.13%     99.03% |          38      0.24%     99.28% |          11      0.07%     99.35% |          60      0.39%     99.74% |          16      0.10%     99.84% |          25      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630986     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67382      5.76%     59.69% |       67368      5.76%     65.45% |       67372      5.76%     71.21% |       67375      5.76%     76.96% |       67371      5.76%     82.72% |       67377      5.76%     88.48% |       67382      5.76%     94.24% |       67381      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1169994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     12.31%     12.31% |           9     13.85%     26.15% |          10     15.38%     41.54% |           9     13.85%     55.38% |           7     10.77%     66.15% |           5      7.69%     73.85% |           5      7.69%     81.54% |          12     18.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     51.92%     51.92% |           2      1.28%     53.21% |           8      5.13%     58.33% |           6      3.85%     62.18% |           7      4.49%     66.67% |          10      6.41%     73.08% |           6      3.85%     76.92% |           8      5.13%     82.05% |          11      7.05%     89.10% |          17     10.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169729     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36839      7.93%     44.48% |       36839      7.93%     52.42% |       36842      7.93%     60.35% |       36828      7.93%     68.28% |       36839      7.93%     76.21% |       36808      7.92%     84.13% |       36849      7.93%     92.07% |       36845      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.28%      1.28% |           8      5.13%      6.41% |          17     10.90%     17.31% |          22     14.10%     31.41% |          13      8.33%     39.74% |          26     16.67%     56.41% |           5      3.21%     59.62% |          51     32.69%     92.31% |           5      3.21%     95.51% |           7      4.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464290     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31033      4.36%     69.51% |       31017      4.35%     73.87% |       31029      4.35%     78.22% |       31032      4.36%     82.58% |       31036      4.36%     86.93% |       31030      4.35%     91.29% |       31039      4.36%     95.64% |       31040      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506194     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67329      6.44%     61.33% |       67343      6.44%     67.78% |       67328      6.44%     74.22% |       67350      6.45%     80.67% |       67312      6.44%     87.11% |       67360      6.45%     93.56% |       67343      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170800     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36857      7.91%     44.60% |       36861      7.92%     52.51% |       36855      7.91%     60.43% |       36856      7.91%     68.34% |       36844      7.91%     76.26% |       36860      7.92%     84.17% |       36854      7.91%     92.09% |       36853      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31032      5.29%     62.96% |       31017      5.29%     68.25% |       31029      5.29%     73.54% |       31030      5.29%     78.83% |       31036      5.29%     84.13% |       31029      5.29%     89.42% |       31039      5.29%     94.71% |       31039      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.05%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |          26      0.23%     98.28% |          28      0.24%     98.52% |          20      0.17%     98.69% |          38      0.33%     99.03% |          11      0.10%     99.12% |          60      0.52%     99.64% |          16      0.14%     99.78% |          25      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         834     97.09%     97.09% |          25      2.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         839     92.81%     92.81% |           0      0.00%     92.81% |           8      0.88%     93.69% |           9      1.00%     94.69% |          10      1.11%     95.80% |           9      1.00%     96.79% |           7      0.77%     97.57% |           5      0.55%     98.12% |           5      0.55%     98.67% |          12      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           2      0.01%     99.88% |          10      0.05%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |          14      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3746939    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3746939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2312     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |          26      0.02%     99.84% |          28      0.02%     99.86% |          19      0.02%     99.88% |          37      0.03%     99.91% |          11      0.01%     99.92% |          60      0.05%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643278     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         326      0.02%     99.86% |         319      0.02%     99.88% |         327      0.02%     99.90% |         318      0.02%     99.92% |         339      0.02%     99.94% |         310      0.02%     99.96% |         330      0.02%     99.98% |         331      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1508     97.54%     97.54% |          38      2.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139027     32.16%     32.16% |           0      0.00%     32.16% |       36703      8.49%     40.66% |       36641      8.48%     49.13% |       36644      8.48%     57.61% |       36691      8.49%     66.10% |       36642      8.48%     74.58% |       36590      8.47%     83.04% |       36655      8.48%     91.52% |       36648      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.74%      2.74% |           8     10.96%     13.70% |           6      8.22%     21.92% |           6      8.22%     30.14% |           9     12.33%     42.47% |           6      8.22%     50.68% |           8     10.96%     61.64% |          11     15.07%     76.71% |          17     23.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1869507    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1869507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7429635     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         191      0.00%     99.98% |         207      0.00%     99.98% |         198      0.00%     99.99% |         194      0.00%     99.99% |         186      0.00%     99.99% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7431160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.93%     59.93% |           0      0.00%     59.93% |       30640      5.00%     64.93% |       30688      5.01%     69.94% |       30699      5.01%     74.95% |       30637      5.00%     79.95% |       30708      5.01%     84.96% |       30722      5.01%     89.98% |       30705      5.01%     94.99% |       30695      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     12.31%     12.31% |           9     13.85%     26.15% |          10     15.38%     41.54% |           9     13.85%     55.38% |           7     10.77%     66.15% |           5      7.69%     73.85% |           5      7.69%     81.54% |          12     18.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     95.08%     95.08% |           0      0.00%     95.08% |           5      1.89%     96.97% |           2      0.76%     97.73% |           0      0.00%     97.73% |           1      0.38%     98.11% |           3      1.14%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169729     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36839      7.93%     44.48% |       36839      7.93%     52.42% |       36842      7.93%     60.35% |       36828      7.93%     68.28% |       36839      7.93%     76.21% |       36808      7.92%     84.13% |       36849      7.93%     92.07% |       36845      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.28%      1.28% |           8      5.13%      6.41% |          17     10.90%     17.31% |          22     14.10%     31.41% |          13      8.33%     39.74% |          26     16.67%     56.41% |           5      3.21%     59.62% |          51     32.69%     92.31% |           5      3.21%     95.51% |           7      4.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       125998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338297     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31032      5.29%     62.97% |       31017      5.29%     68.25% |       31029      5.29%     73.54% |       31030      5.29%     78.83% |       31036      5.29%     84.13% |       31029      5.29%     89.42% |       31039      5.29%     94.71% |       31039      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1274     98.76%     98.76% |           0      0.00%     98.76% |           1      0.08%     98.84% |           3      0.23%     99.07% |           1      0.08%     99.15% |           2      0.16%     99.30% |           1      0.08%     99.38% |           3      0.23%     99.61% |           2      0.16%     99.77% |           3      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     99.19%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           1      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506194     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67343      6.44%     54.89% |       67329      6.44%     61.33% |       67342      6.44%     67.78% |       67327      6.44%     74.22% |       67350      6.45%     80.67% |       67312      6.44%     87.11% |       67360      6.45%     93.56% |       67343      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3802      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3738      3.01%     49.42% |        4117      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.05% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.73% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3978      3.20%     88.17% |        5203      4.19%     92.36% |        5068      4.08%     96.44% |        4416      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55087     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12710      2.72%     17.51% |       13623      2.92%     20.43% |       12827      2.75%     23.18% |       12690      2.72%     25.90% |       12291      2.63%     28.53% |       12557      2.69%     31.22% |       12941      2.77%     34.00% |       12814      2.75%     36.74% |       14950      3.20%     39.95% |       13304      2.85%     42.80% |       12849      2.75%     45.55% |       12824      2.75%     48.30% |       12199      2.61%     50.92% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13678      2.93%     56.55% |       12729      2.73%     59.27% |       13088      2.81%     62.08% |       13148      2.82%     64.90% |       13665      2.93%     67.83% |       16811      3.60%     71.43% |       12772      2.74%     74.17% |       12923      2.77%     76.94% |       12855      2.76%     79.69% |       13001      2.79%     82.48% |       12531      2.69%     85.17% |       12243      2.62%     87.79% |       13252      2.84%     90.63% |       12622      2.71%     93.34% |       13597      2.91%     96.25% |       17494      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22432      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16800      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16977      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16823      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17471      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17610      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17675      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18477      3.15%     64.00% |       20239      3.45%     67.45% |       18475      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18646      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19438      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75587      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29309      2.80%     13.17% |       32195      3.08%     16.25% |       29605      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28907      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.39% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32342      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30337      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31302      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30749      2.94%     59.57% |       31443      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.16% |       31057      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31068      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30991      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32505      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33947      3.25%     96.37% |       37941      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044903                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17844      3.81%      3.81% |       14517      3.10%      6.91% |       14530      3.10%     10.02% |       14514      3.10%     13.12% |       14496      3.10%     16.22% |       14505      3.10%     19.32% |       14517      3.10%     22.42% |       14514      3.10%     25.52% |       14524      3.10%     28.62% |       14534      3.11%     31.73% |       14527      3.10%     34.83% |       14524      3.10%     37.93% |       14512      3.10%     41.03% |       14519      3.10%     44.14% |       14508      3.10%     47.24% |       14507      3.10%     50.33% |       14563      3.11%     53.45% |       14530      3.10%     56.55% |       14537      3.11%     59.66% |       14534      3.11%     62.76% |       14516      3.10%     65.86% |       14541      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.07% |       14528      3.10%     75.18% |       14542      3.11%     78.28% |       14537      3.11%     81.39% |       14531      3.10%     84.49% |       14525      3.10%     87.60% |       14523      3.10%     90.70% |       14501      3.10%     93.80% |       14516      3.10%     96.90% |       14510      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8848      3.19%      3.19% |        8714      3.15%      6.34% |        8712      3.15%      9.49% |        8664      3.13%     12.61% |        8652      3.12%     15.74% |        8622      3.11%     18.85% |        8638      3.12%     21.97% |        8648      3.12%     25.09% |        8650      3.12%     28.21% |        8695      3.14%     31.35% |        8723      3.15%     34.50% |        8663      3.13%     37.63% |        8690      3.14%     40.77% |        8658      3.13%     43.89% |        8699      3.14%     47.03% |        8629      3.12%     50.15% |        8673      3.13%     53.28% |        8645      3.12%     56.40% |        8637      3.12%     59.52% |        8611      3.11%     62.63% |        8629      3.12%     65.74% |        8637      3.12%     68.86% |        8626      3.11%     71.98% |        8591      3.10%     75.08% |        8625      3.11%     78.19% |        8670      3.13%     81.32% |        8642      3.12%     84.44% |        8587      3.10%     87.54% |        8630      3.12%     90.66% |        8655      3.12%     93.78% |        8612      3.11%     96.89% |        8608      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27806      3.57%      3.57% |       24277      3.12%      6.69% |       24289      3.12%      9.81% |       24225      3.11%     12.92% |       24194      3.11%     16.03% |       24173      3.10%     19.13% |       24201      3.11%     22.24% |       24208      3.11%     25.35% |       24220      3.11%     28.46% |       24275      3.12%     31.58% |       24296      3.12%     34.70% |       24233      3.11%     37.81% |       24248      3.11%     40.93% |       24223      3.11%     44.04% |       24252      3.11%     47.15% |       24182      3.11%     50.26% |       24282      3.12%     53.38% |       24221      3.11%     56.49% |       24220      3.11%     59.60% |       24191      3.11%     62.71% |       24191      3.11%     65.81% |       24224      3.11%     68.92% |       24198      3.11%     72.03% |       24165      3.10%     75.14% |       24213      3.11%     78.25% |       24253      3.12%     81.36% |       24219      3.11%     84.47% |       24158      3.10%     87.57% |       24199      3.11%     90.68% |       24201      3.11%     93.79% |       24174      3.10%     96.90% |       24164      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26782      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23265      3.12%      9.83% |       23201      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23149      3.10%     19.15% |       23177      3.11%     22.26% |       23184      3.11%     25.37% |       23196      3.11%     28.48% |       23251      3.12%     31.59% |       23272      3.12%     34.71% |       23209      3.11%     37.83% |       23224      3.11%     40.94% |       23199      3.11%     44.05% |       23229      3.11%     47.17% |       23158      3.11%     50.27% |       23258      3.12%     53.39% |       23197      3.11%     56.50% |       23196      3.11%     59.61% |       23167      3.11%     62.72% |       23167      3.11%     65.82% |       23200      3.11%     68.93% |       23174      3.11%     72.04% |       23141      3.10%     75.14% |       23189      3.11%     78.25% |       23229      3.11%     81.37% |       23195      3.11%     84.48% |       23134      3.10%     87.58% |       23175      3.11%     90.69% |       23178      3.11%     93.79% |       23150      3.10%     96.90% |       23140      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     22.01%     22.01% |           2      0.77%     22.78% |           6      2.32%     25.10% |           5      1.93%     27.03% |           4      1.54%     28.57% |           4      1.54%     30.12% |           4      1.54%     31.66% |           5      1.93%     33.59% |           7      2.70%     36.29% |           4      1.54%     37.84% |           6      2.32%     40.15% |           4      1.54%     41.70% |           5      1.93%     43.63% |           3      1.16%     44.79% |           4      1.54%     46.33% |           3      1.16%     47.49% |           4      1.54%     49.03% |           3      1.16%     50.19% |           9      3.47%     53.67% |          10      3.86%     57.53% |          19      7.34%     64.86% |          18      6.95%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          29     38.67%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |          17     22.67%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |          12     16.00%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |          15     20.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          31     19.62%     19.62% |           2      1.27%     20.89% |           1      0.63%     21.52% |          23     14.56%     36.08% |           3      1.90%     37.97% |           3      1.90%     39.87% |           4      2.53%     42.41% |           3      1.90%     44.30% |           5      3.16%     47.47% |           3      1.90%     49.37% |           2      1.27%     50.63% |           2      1.27%     51.90% |           3      1.90%     53.80% |           3      1.90%     55.70% |           4      2.53%     58.23% |           3      1.90%     60.13% |          15      9.49%     69.62% |           1      0.63%     70.25% |           2      1.27%     71.52% |          15      9.49%     81.01% |           1      0.63%     81.65% |           0      0.00%     81.65% |           1      0.63%     82.28% |           2      1.27%     83.54% |           3      1.90%     85.44% |           5      3.16%     88.61% |           4      2.53%     91.14% |           5      3.16%     94.30% |           3      1.90%     96.20% |           2      1.27%     97.47% |           2      1.27%     98.73% |           2      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         545      3.59%      3.59% |         472      3.11%      6.69% |         465      3.06%      9.75% |         469      3.09%     12.84% |         462      3.04%     15.88% |         457      3.01%     18.88% |         468      3.08%     21.96% |         469      3.09%     25.05% |         458      3.01%     28.06% |         462      3.04%     31.10% |         509      3.35%     34.45% |         484      3.18%     37.63% |         500      3.29%     40.92% |         479      3.15%     44.08% |         498      3.28%     47.35% |         482      3.17%     50.52% |         507      3.34%     53.86% |         487      3.20%     57.06% |         470      3.09%     60.16% |         461      3.03%     63.19% |         438      2.88%     66.07% |         482      3.17%     69.24% |         452      2.97%     72.22% |         442      2.91%     75.12% |         482      3.17%     78.29% |         499      3.28%     81.58% |         483      3.18%     84.76% |         451      2.97%     87.72% |         462      3.04%     90.76% |         474      3.12%     93.88% |         472      3.11%     96.99% |         458      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          30     19.23%     19.23% |           2      1.28%     20.51% |           1      0.64%     21.15% |          20     12.82%     33.97% |           3      1.92%     35.90% |           3      1.92%     37.82% |           4      2.56%     40.38% |           3      1.92%     42.31% |           5      3.21%     45.51% |           3      1.92%     47.44% |           2      1.28%     48.72% |           2      1.28%     50.00% |           3      1.92%     51.92% |           3      1.92%     53.85% |           4      2.56%     56.41% |           3      1.92%     58.33% |          15      9.62%     67.95% |           1      0.64%     68.59% |           2      1.28%     69.87% |          15      9.62%     79.49% |           1      0.64%     80.13% |           0      0.00%     80.13% |           1      0.64%     80.77% |           2      1.28%     82.05% |           3      1.92%     83.97% |           5      3.21%     87.18% |           4      2.56%     89.74% |           7      4.49%     94.23% |           3      1.92%     96.15% |           2      1.28%     97.44% |           2      1.28%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75924      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29497      2.81%     13.16% |       32396      3.08%     16.24% |       29788      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29086      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32542      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30518      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.75% |       31507      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30923      2.94%     59.57% |       31642      3.01%     62.58% |       32127      3.06%     65.64% |       37029      3.52%     69.16% |       31244      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.11% |       31253      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31171      2.97%     84.02% |       30879      2.94%     86.96% |       32687      3.11%     90.07% |       32157      3.06%     93.13% |       34131      3.25%     96.37% |       38126      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         422      3.13%      6.42% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         410      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         416      3.08%     30.73% |         443      3.28%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         449      3.33%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12387      4.30%      4.30% |        8971      3.11%      7.41% |        8985      3.12%     10.52% |        8930      3.10%     13.62% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8881      3.08%     19.79% |        8893      3.08%     22.87% |        8904      3.09%     25.96% |        8919      3.09%     29.05% |        8960      3.11%     32.16% |        8974      3.11%     35.27% |        8894      3.08%     38.35% |        8905      3.09%     41.44% |        8901      3.09%     44.53% |        8916      3.09%     47.62% |        8859      3.07%     50.69% |        8907      3.09%     53.78% |        8884      3.08%     56.86% |        8888      3.08%     59.94% |        8884      3.08%     63.03% |        8891      3.08%     66.11% |        8898      3.09%     69.19% |        8908      3.09%     72.28% |        8872      3.08%     75.36% |        8878      3.08%     78.44% |        8907      3.09%     81.53% |        8881      3.08%     84.61% |        8864      3.07%     87.68% |        8897      3.09%     90.77% |        8893      3.08%     93.85% |        8853      3.07%     96.92% |        8881      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.37% |       14901      3.13%     37.50% |       14891      3.12%     40.62% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14925      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14898      3.13%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14918      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          14     10.53%     10.53% |           3      2.26%     12.78% |           2      1.50%     14.29% |          11      8.27%     22.56% |           3      2.26%     24.81% |           5      3.76%     28.57% |           6      4.51%     33.08% |           3      2.26%     35.34% |           5      3.76%     39.10% |           3      2.26%     41.35% |           2      1.50%     42.86% |           2      1.50%     44.36% |           4      3.01%     47.37% |           3      2.26%     49.62% |           5      3.76%     53.38% |           3      2.26%     55.64% |          14     10.53%     66.17% |           1      0.75%     66.92% |           3      2.26%     69.17% |           7      5.26%     74.44% |           1      0.75%     75.19% |           0      0.00%     75.19% |           1      0.75%     75.94% |           2      1.50%     77.44% |           4      3.01%     80.45% |           5      3.76%     84.21% |           5      3.76%     87.97% |           6      4.51%     92.48% |           3      2.26%     94.74% |           2      1.50%     96.24% |           2      1.50%     97.74% |           3      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         462      3.42%      3.42% |         421      3.11%      6.53% |         411      3.04%      9.57% |         413      3.05%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.72% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         449      3.32%     40.72% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         449      3.32%     53.76% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.20%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         424      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41106     23.34%     23.34% |        4907      2.79%     26.13% |        3711      2.11%     28.24% |        4648      2.64%     30.88% |        3910      2.22%     33.10% |        3724      2.11%     35.21% |        3370      1.91%     37.13% |        3641      2.07%     39.19% |        4008      2.28%     41.47% |        3851      2.19%     43.66% |        5958      3.38%     47.04% |        4404      2.50%     49.54% |        3938      2.24%     51.78% |        3916      2.22%     54.00% |        3258      1.85%     55.85% |        3717      2.11%     57.96% |        4750      2.70%     60.66% |        3839      2.18%     62.84% |        4132      2.35%     65.19% |        4246      2.41%     67.60% |        4773      2.71%     70.31% |        7898      4.49%     74.79% |        3861      2.19%     76.99% |        4046      2.30%     79.28% |        3968      2.25%     81.54% |        4081      2.32%     83.85% |        3642      2.07%     85.92% |        3368      1.91%     87.83% |        4352      2.47%     90.31% |        3727      2.12%     92.42% |        4741      2.69%     95.11% |        8603      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7404      6.75%      6.75% |        4098      3.73%     10.48% |        1909      1.74%     12.22% |        3924      3.58%     15.80% |        2094      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1929      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2576      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2731      2.49%     30.43% |        2668      2.43%     32.86% |        2780      2.53%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.76% |        2535      2.31%     40.07% |        2736      2.49%     42.56% |        2910      2.65%     45.21% |        2694      2.45%     47.66% |        2992      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3549      3.23%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.76% |        3589      3.27%     65.03% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.06%     74.39% |        3743      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.22% |        4551      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17827      3.81%      3.81% |       14511      3.10%      6.91% |       14524      3.10%     10.02% |       14501      3.10%     13.12% |       14491      3.10%     16.21% |       14498      3.10%     19.31% |       14508      3.10%     22.41% |       14509      3.10%     25.51% |       14518      3.10%     28.62% |       14529      3.11%     31.72% |       14521      3.10%     34.83% |       14520      3.10%     37.93% |       14507      3.10%     41.03% |       14515      3.10%     44.13% |       14502      3.10%     47.23% |       14503      3.10%     50.33% |       14547      3.11%     53.44% |       14527      3.11%     56.55% |       14531      3.11%     59.65% |       14525      3.10%     62.76% |       14513      3.10%     65.86% |       14537      3.11%     68.97% |       14522      3.10%     72.07% |       14525      3.10%     75.18% |       14536      3.11%     78.28% |       14529      3.11%     81.39% |       14523      3.10%     84.49% |       14517      3.10%     87.60% |       14516      3.10%     90.70% |       14495      3.10%     93.80% |       14511      3.10%     96.90% |       14504      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       467842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8319      3.18%      3.18% |        8248      3.15%      6.33% |        8248      3.15%      9.48% |        8206      3.13%     12.61% |        8194      3.13%     15.74% |        8171      3.12%     18.86% |        8179      3.12%     21.98% |        8183      3.12%     25.11% |        8196      3.13%     28.24% |        8237      3.15%     31.38% |        8216      3.14%     34.52% |        8181      3.12%     37.64% |        8193      3.13%     40.77% |        8183      3.12%     43.90% |        8207      3.13%     47.03% |        8151      3.11%     50.14% |        8181      3.12%     53.27% |        8159      3.12%     56.38% |        8166      3.12%     59.50% |        8149      3.11%     62.61% |        8176      3.12%     65.74% |        8141      3.11%     68.84% |        8170      3.12%     71.96% |        8145      3.11%     75.07% |        8145      3.11%     78.18% |        8176      3.12%     81.31% |        8164      3.12%     84.42% |        8140      3.11%     87.53% |        8171      3.12%     90.65% |        8183      3.12%     93.78% |        8140      3.11%     96.89% |        8155      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          30     19.23%     19.23% |           2      1.28%     20.51% |           1      0.64%     21.15% |          20     12.82%     33.97% |           3      1.92%     35.90% |           3      1.92%     37.82% |           4      2.56%     40.38% |           3      1.92%     42.31% |           5      3.21%     45.51% |           3      1.92%     47.44% |           2      1.28%     48.72% |           2      1.28%     50.00% |           3      1.92%     51.92% |           3      1.92%     53.85% |           4      2.56%     56.41% |           3      1.92%     58.33% |          15      9.62%     67.95% |           1      0.64%     68.59% |           2      1.28%     69.87% |          15      9.62%     79.49% |           1      0.64%     80.13% |           0      0.00%     80.13% |           1      0.64%     80.77% |           2      1.28%     82.05% |           3      1.92%     83.97% |           5      3.21%     87.18% |           4      2.56%     89.74% |           7      4.49%     94.23% |           3      1.92%     96.15% |           2      1.28%     97.44% |           2      1.28%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          51     78.46%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |          14     21.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75584      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29309      2.80%     13.17% |       32195      3.08%     16.25% |       29605      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28907      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.39% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32342      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30337      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31302      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30749      2.94%     59.57% |       31443      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.16% |       31057      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31068      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30991      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32505      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33947      3.25%     96.37% |       37941      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          67      4.21%      4.21% |          45      2.83%      7.04% |          53      3.33%     10.38% |          45      2.83%     13.21% |          47      2.96%     16.16% |          49      3.08%     19.25% |          42      2.64%     21.89% |          49      3.08%     24.97% |          47      2.96%     27.92% |          44      2.77%     30.69% |          62      3.90%     34.59% |          44      2.77%     37.36% |          48      3.02%     40.38% |          47      2.96%     43.33% |          44      2.77%     46.10% |          40      2.52%     48.62% |          43      2.70%     51.32% |          47      2.96%     54.28% |          39      2.45%     56.73% |          52      3.27%     60.00% |          68      4.28%     64.28% |          90      5.66%     69.94% |          52      3.27%     73.21% |          48      3.02%     76.23% |          50      3.14%     79.37% |          45      2.83%     82.20% |          42      2.64%     84.84% |          47      2.96%     87.80% |          46      2.89%     90.69% |          48      3.02%     93.71% |          49      3.08%     96.79% |          51      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      4.17%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      4.17%     16.67% |           1      4.17%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           8     33.33%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           9     37.50%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           6     28.57%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26782      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23265      3.12%      9.83% |       23201      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23149      3.10%     19.15% |       23177      3.11%     22.26% |       23184      3.11%     25.37% |       23196      3.11%     28.48% |       23251      3.12%     31.59% |       23272      3.12%     34.71% |       23209      3.11%     37.83% |       23224      3.11%     40.94% |       23199      3.11%     44.05% |       23229      3.11%     47.17% |       23158      3.11%     50.27% |       23258      3.12%     53.39% |       23197      3.11%     56.50% |       23196      3.11%     59.61% |       23167      3.11%     62.72% |       23167      3.11%     65.82% |       23200      3.11%     68.93% |       23174      3.11%     72.04% |       23141      3.10%     75.14% |       23189      3.11%     78.25% |       23229      3.11%     81.37% |       23195      3.11%     84.48% |       23134      3.10%     87.58% |       23175      3.11%     90.69% |       23178      3.11%     93.79% |       23150      3.10%     96.90% |       23140      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.06%      2.06% |           0      0.00%      2.06% |           4      4.12%      6.19% |           2      2.06%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           1      1.03%     10.31% |           0      0.00%     10.31% |           2      2.06%     12.37% |           2      2.06%     14.43% |           1      1.03%     15.46% |           3      3.09%     18.56% |           2      2.06%     20.62% |           2      2.06%     22.68% |           0      0.00%     22.68% |           0      0.00%     22.68% |           0      0.00%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           1      1.03%     24.74% |           5      5.15%     29.90% |           8      8.25%     38.14% |          17     17.53%     55.67% |          16     16.49%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.35%      4.35% |          45      3.01%      7.37% |          49      3.28%     10.65% |          43      2.88%     13.53% |          46      3.08%     16.61% |          48      3.22%     19.83% |          42      2.81%     22.64% |          47      3.15%     25.79% |          45      3.01%     28.80% |          43      2.88%     31.68% |          59      3.95%     35.63% |          42      2.81%     38.45% |          46      3.08%     41.53% |          47      3.15%     44.68% |          44      2.95%     47.62% |          40      2.68%     50.30% |          42      2.81%     53.11% |          46      3.08%     56.20% |          34      2.28%     58.47% |          44      2.95%     61.42% |          51      3.42%     64.84% |          74      4.96%     69.79% |          46      3.08%     72.87% |          41      2.75%     75.62% |          48      3.22%     78.83% |          43      2.88%     81.71% |          41      2.75%     84.46% |          45      3.01%     87.47% |          45      3.01%     90.49% |          46      3.08%     93.57% |          46      3.08%     96.65% |          50      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          17     47.22%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |          10     27.78%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           8     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         462      3.42%      3.42% |         421      3.11%      6.53% |         411      3.04%      9.57% |         413      3.05%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.72% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         449      3.32%     40.72% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         449      3.32%     53.76% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.20%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         424      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          14     11.48%     11.48% |           2      1.64%     13.11% |           1      0.82%     13.93% |          13     10.66%     24.59% |           3      2.46%     27.05% |           3      2.46%     29.51% |           4      3.28%     32.79% |           3      2.46%     35.25% |           5      4.10%     39.34% |           3      2.46%     41.80% |           2      1.64%     43.44% |           2      1.64%     45.08% |           3      2.46%     47.54% |           3      2.46%     50.00% |           4      3.28%     53.28% |           3      2.46%     55.74% |          14     11.48%     67.21% |           1      0.82%     68.03% |           2      1.64%     69.67% |           7      5.74%     75.41% |           1      0.82%     76.23% |           0      0.00%     76.23% |           1      0.82%     77.05% |           2      1.64%     78.69% |           3      2.46%     81.15% |           5      4.10%     85.25% |           4      3.28%     88.52% |           5      4.10%     92.62% |           3      2.46%     95.08% |           2      1.64%     96.72% |           2      1.64%     98.36% |           2      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          14     10.53%     10.53% |           3      2.26%     12.78% |           2      1.50%     14.29% |          11      8.27%     22.56% |           3      2.26%     24.81% |           5      3.76%     28.57% |           6      4.51%     33.08% |           3      2.26%     35.34% |           5      3.76%     39.10% |           3      2.26%     41.35% |           2      1.50%     42.86% |           2      1.50%     44.36% |           4      3.01%     47.37% |           3      2.26%     49.62% |           5      3.76%     53.38% |           3      2.26%     55.64% |          14     10.53%     66.17% |           1      0.75%     66.92% |           3      2.26%     69.17% |           7      5.26%     74.44% |           1      0.75%     75.19% |           0      0.00%     75.19% |           1      0.75%     75.94% |           2      1.50%     77.44% |           4      3.01%     80.45% |           5      3.76%     84.21% |           5      3.76%     87.97% |           6      4.51%     92.48% |           3      2.26%     94.74% |           2      1.50%     96.24% |           2      1.50%     97.74% |           3      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12386      4.30%      4.30% |        8971      3.11%      7.41% |        8985      3.12%     10.52% |        8930      3.10%     13.62% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8881      3.08%     19.79% |        8893      3.08%     22.87% |        8904      3.09%     25.96% |        8919      3.09%     29.05% |        8960      3.11%     32.16% |        8974      3.11%     35.27% |        8894      3.08%     38.35% |        8905      3.09%     41.44% |        8901      3.09%     44.53% |        8916      3.09%     47.62% |        8859      3.07%     50.69% |        8907      3.09%     53.78% |        8884      3.08%     56.86% |        8888      3.08%     59.94% |        8884      3.08%     63.03% |        8891      3.08%     66.11% |        8898      3.09%     69.19% |        8908      3.09%     72.28% |        8872      3.08%     75.36% |        8878      3.08%     78.44% |        8907      3.09%     81.53% |        8881      3.08%     84.61% |        8864      3.07%     87.68% |        8897      3.09%     90.77% |        8892      3.08%     93.85% |        8853      3.07%     96.92% |        8881      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         446      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.42% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         410      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.16%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.37% |       14901      3.13%     37.50% |       14891      3.12%     40.62% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14925      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14898      3.13%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14918      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75921      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29495      2.81%     13.16% |       32393      3.08%     16.24% |       29788      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29086      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32542      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30514      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.75% |       31506      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30910      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32127      3.06%     65.64% |       37029      3.52%     69.16% |       31244      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.11% |       31252      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31168      2.97%     84.02% |       30875      2.94%     86.95% |       32687      3.11%     90.07% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34131      3.25%     96.37% |       38126      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.27%      1.27% |           2      2.53%      3.80% |           1      1.27%      5.06% |           2      2.53%      7.59% |           3      3.80%     11.39% |           3      3.80%     15.19% |           4      5.06%     20.25% |           3      3.80%     24.05% |           5      6.33%     30.38% |           3      3.80%     34.18% |           2      2.53%     36.71% |           2      2.53%     39.24% |           3      3.80%     43.04% |           3      3.80%     46.84% |           4      5.06%     51.90% |           3      3.80%     55.70% |           3      3.80%     59.49% |           1      1.27%     60.76% |           2      2.53%     63.29% |           0      0.00%     63.29% |           1      1.27%     64.56% |           0      0.00%     64.56% |           1      1.27%     65.82% |           2      2.53%     68.35% |           3      3.80%     72.15% |           4      5.06%     77.22% |           4      5.06%     82.28% |           5      6.33%     88.61% |           3      3.80%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          29     38.67%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |           0      0.00%     38.67% |          17     22.67%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |           0      0.00%     61.33% |          12     16.00%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |          15     20.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          30     19.48%     19.48% |           2      1.30%     20.78% |           1      0.65%     21.43% |          19     12.34%     33.77% |           3      1.95%     35.71% |           3      1.95%     37.66% |           4      2.60%     40.26% |           3      1.95%     42.21% |           5      3.25%     45.45% |           3      1.95%     47.40% |           2      1.30%     48.70% |           2      1.30%     50.00% |           3      1.95%     51.95% |           3      1.95%     53.90% |           4      2.60%     56.49% |           3      1.95%     58.44% |          15      9.74%     68.18% |           1      0.65%     68.83% |           2      1.30%     70.13% |          15      9.74%     79.87% |           1      0.65%     80.52% |           0      0.00%     80.52% |           1      0.65%     81.17% |           2      1.30%     82.47% |           3      1.95%     84.42% |           4      2.60%     87.01% |           4      2.60%     89.61% |           7      4.55%     94.16% |           3      1.95%     96.10% |           2      1.30%     97.40% |           2      1.30%     98.70% |           2      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          154                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      132556     20.58%     20.58% |      322029     50.00%     70.58% |       23704      3.68%     74.26% |       24364      3.78%     78.04% |       23489      3.65%     81.69% |       24311      3.77%     85.47% |       23565      3.66%     89.13% |       24441      3.79%     92.92% |       22599      3.51%     96.43% |       23000      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       644058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      132556     20.58%     20.58% |      322029     50.00%     70.58% |       23704      3.68%     74.26% |       24364      3.78%     78.04% |       23489      3.65%     81.69% |       24311      3.77%     85.47% |       23565      3.66%     89.13% |       24441      3.79%     92.92% |       22599      3.51%     96.43% |       23000      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       644058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      132556     20.58%     20.58% |      322029     50.00%     70.58% |       23704      3.68%     74.26% |       24364      3.78%     78.04% |       23489      3.65%     81.69% |       24311      3.77%     85.47% |       23565      3.66%     89.13% |       24441      3.79%     92.92% |       22599      3.51%     96.43% |       23000      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       644058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      132556     20.58%     20.58% |      322029     50.00%     70.58% |       23704      3.68%     74.26% |       24364      3.78%     78.04% |       23489      3.65%     81.69% |       24311      3.77%     85.47% |       23565      3.66%     89.13% |       24441      3.79%     92.92% |       22599      3.51%     96.43% |       23000      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       644058                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
