
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119689                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119688877500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295856956000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   8883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               19442788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6283020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6155.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54681210                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96826088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42432064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42432064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20022912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20022912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       663001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             663001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       312858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            312858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    354519692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            354519692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    167291334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           167291334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    521811026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           521811026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     663001                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    312858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   663001                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  312858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42408128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20022656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42432064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20022912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    60166                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11545                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119688473500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               663001                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              312858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 178444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  22823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  23501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  23375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  23243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 19237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 14429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  6782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  5845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 65605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  45085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  15956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  21531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       316590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.194757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.101202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.297461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106352     33.59%     33.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98169     31.01%     64.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73487     23.21%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19179      6.06%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14335      4.53%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2693      0.85%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1248      0.39%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          716      0.23%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          411      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       316590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.114129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.556464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46647     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          238      0.51%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           49      0.10%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.663983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.159947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.146552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36342     77.41%     77.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5402     11.51%     88.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2886      6.15%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2317      4.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 73874520607                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            86298776857                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3313135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   111487.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              130237.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      354.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      167.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   354.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   167.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  488346                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 170536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122649.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20209731250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95476531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1202977440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1190291760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              656386500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              649464750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2590278600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2577751800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1015940880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1011281760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49358399310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48884467680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28512783750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28928513250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91153842240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91058846760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.629171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.835443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41903936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41903936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19473024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19473024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       654749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             654749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       304266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            304266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    350107185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            350107185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162697023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162697023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    512804208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           512804208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     654749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    304266                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   654749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  304266                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41882368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  21568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19472768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41903936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19473024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   337                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    64368                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11206                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119688211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               654749                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              304266                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  22740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  23415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  23698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  23404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 17882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 16490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 12894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 11825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 10836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  9957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  8524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  5997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  5628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 69877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  21322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       303169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.375520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.924204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.704794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99518     32.83%     32.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91194     30.08%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73598     24.28%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19217      6.34%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14387      4.75%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2773      0.91%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1279      0.42%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          407      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       303169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.437377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.840043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45039     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          229      0.51%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.712600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.196391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.179987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34766     76.70%     76.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5439     12.00%     88.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2859      6.31%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2263      4.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 74134297283                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            86404522283                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3272060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   113283.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              132033.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      349.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   350.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  485600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 169896                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124803.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20695461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94991381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1154835360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1137031560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              630118500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              620404125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2559180000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2544937200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            988310160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            983242800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48146978025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47924917425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29575434000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29770224000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90871931805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90797832870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.273689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.654561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41830144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41830144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19461056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19461056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       653596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             653596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       304079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            304079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    349490653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            349490653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162597030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162597030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    512087683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           512087683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     653596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    304079                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   653596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  304079                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41810432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  19712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19460928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41830144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19461056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            19074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            19031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            19009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           19024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    60013                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    11672                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119688826500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               653596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              304079                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  23570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  24119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  24057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  23563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 17794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 12202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  5872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 65195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  21884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       302091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.822064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.462719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.366851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98417     32.58%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90981     30.12%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73897     24.46%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19271      6.38%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14369      4.76%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2732      0.90%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1241      0.41%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          794      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          389      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       302091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.426694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.640905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45002     99.38%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          212      0.47%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           54      0.12%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.715037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.196510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.191629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34689     76.60%     76.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5482     12.11%     88.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2761      6.10%     94.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2351      5.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 73242587948                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            85491737948                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3266440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   112113.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              130863.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      349.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   349.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  485028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 170239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    124978.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20824848750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94861481500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1148961240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1134703080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              626913375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              619133625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2554500000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2540928000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            987318720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            983003040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48390131475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47879507520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29362182000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29810097750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90887082570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90784448775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.399852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.542303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41856704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41856704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19465536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19465536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       654011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             654011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            304149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    349712562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            349712562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162634460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162634460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    512347022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           512347022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     654011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    304149                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   654011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  304149                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41836928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  19776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19465536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41856704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19465536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            41021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    57425                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    11561                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119687860000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               654011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              304149                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  23343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  23908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  23307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 17881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 13101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 12141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  9177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  6790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  15879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  21610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       302160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.878687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.214072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.958751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99277     32.86%     32.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90237     29.86%     62.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73416     24.30%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19538      6.47%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14505      4.80%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2692      0.89%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1279      0.42%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          819      0.27%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          397      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       302160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.448688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.231393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44952     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          226      0.50%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           45      0.10%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.722565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.201556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.198347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34665     76.62%     76.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5442     12.03%     88.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2772      6.13%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2364      5.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 72740230400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            84997142900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3268510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   111274.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              130024.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      349.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   349.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  485166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 170519                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    124914.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20264198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95422064500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1149792840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1134423360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              627367125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              618981000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2555443800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2543049600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            987726960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            983054880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48118391100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47658903840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29600510250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30003569250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90856307835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90759057690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          759.143144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.330578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              543380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27092618                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 49.360078                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.725355                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                83.471322                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26205616     96.73%     96.73% |      601700      2.22%     98.95% |      269751      1.00%     99.94% |       15518      0.06%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27092618                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39532684                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.144133                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.840764                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.511850                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34957452     88.43%     88.43% |     1491291      3.77%     92.20% |      545691      1.38%     93.58% |      549435      1.39%     94.97% |      399473      1.01%     95.98% |      396117      1.00%     96.98% |      413509      1.05%     98.03% |      460844      1.17%     99.19% |      318872      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39532684                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39532680                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              49.666917                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.988481                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            192.767998                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39157764     99.05%     99.05% |      337016      0.85%     99.90% |       32799      0.08%     99.99% |        4118      0.01%    100.00% |         702      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39532680                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35051030                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000318                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000266                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020261                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35041312     99.97%     99.97% |        8506      0.02%    100.00% |        1010      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35051030                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481650                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        414.646860                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       266.020119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       421.356891                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4106734     91.63%     91.63% |      337016      7.52%     99.15% |       32799      0.73%     99.89% |        4118      0.09%     99.98% |         702      0.02%     99.99% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481650                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         727728                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       727728                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          305                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          323                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          309                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          239                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24708466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25606445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10334689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10461160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1041924                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37905                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       378077                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034112                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63972                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       161990                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       163974                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       158211                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       160876                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       162500                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1118                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       450062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       167153                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       161999                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          827                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       159660                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        93119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        53998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83873                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        52995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        52640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50779                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        84313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        51831                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        84317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        52078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        84011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        51923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        66924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83872                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        50898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        84077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        51509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        84142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        51981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        84069                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83307                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        53660                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        56825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        84176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        51678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135222                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        84050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134316                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        50725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        84246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        84011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25290363                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25290363                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26349864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25290363                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12134508                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12015383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25290363                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.105650                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     17313246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     17313246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18640081                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17313246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9492633                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9340074                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     17313246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.072326                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15383631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15383631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16698093                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15383631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7123481                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6977255                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15383631                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064265                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14497455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14497455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15818323                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14497455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6799395                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6682303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14497455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.060563                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     14991045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     14991045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16300488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14991045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7965797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7709289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     14991045                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.062625                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14395602                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14395602                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15715991                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14395602                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7367484                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7256146                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14395602                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.060138                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16766765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16766765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18389701                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16766765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7257798                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7112153                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16766765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.070043                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14840422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14840422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16520867                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14840422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6715406                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6584282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14840422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.061996                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10340044                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10340044                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11043868                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10340044                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4898249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4826328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10340044                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.043196                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     11953158                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     11953158                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12996665                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11953158                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5882836                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5766602                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     11953158                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.049934                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8361818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8361818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8876730                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8361818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3626875                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3554118                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8361818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.034931                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6464120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6464120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6565677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6464120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2910502                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2905632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6464120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027004                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7024011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7024011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7172084                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7024011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3429008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3422791                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7024011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029343                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6574735                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6574735                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6691104                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6574735                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2954607                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2949035                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6574735                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027466                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4242281                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4242281                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4364682                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4242281                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1729197                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1719225                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4242281                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017722                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5902339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5902339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6109321                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5902339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2458810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2446663                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5902339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024657                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7070695                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7070695                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7240701                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7070695                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2776290                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2767103                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7070695                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029538                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6298500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6298500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6467934                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6298500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2526588                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2518440                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6298500                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026312                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5772234                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5772234                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6000468                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5772234                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2474837                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2461634                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5772234                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024113                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3320678                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3320678                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3473779                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3320678                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1420213                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411406                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3320678                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3246293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3246293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3265686                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3246293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1553371                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1552885                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3246293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3835973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3835973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3868323                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3835973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2001522                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1998485                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3835973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016025                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3627403                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3627403                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3660665                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3627403                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1758780                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1757887                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3627403                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015153                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2202606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2202606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2202606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2202606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       981883                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       981882                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2202606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009201                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3203002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3203002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3221712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3203002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1506169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1505650                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3203002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013381                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3633641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3633641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3664616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3633641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1890435                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1887677                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3633641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015180                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3527141                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3527141                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3559369                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3527141                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1703838                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1702921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3527141                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014735                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2207709                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2207709                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207709                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2207709                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       983333                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       983333                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2207709                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009223                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14338680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14338680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15778360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14338680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6580008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6517992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14338680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.059900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13630884                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13630884                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14611227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13630882                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6143476                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6081161                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13630881                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.056943                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14103079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14103079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15460295                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14103079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6143103                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6047051                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14103079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.058916                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14277081                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14277081                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15514082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14277081                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6332207                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6232629                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14277081                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059642                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20125607     26.87%     26.87% |    50235298     67.07%     93.94% |     4538816      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74899721                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20125608     26.87%     26.87% |    50235308     67.07%     93.94% |     4538816      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74899732                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   734894838                       |  1342419703                       |   110757491                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1202339106                       |   236484136                       |     4539696                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.515412                       |   26.722638                       |   24.402287                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   59.741756                       |    4.707529                       |    1.000194                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.213354                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    19.270605                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         48.483959                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005066                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.105431      6.76%      6.76% |    0.105204      6.74%     13.50% |    0.103505      6.63%     20.13% |    0.103232      6.62%     26.75% |    0.263386     16.88%     43.63% |    0.258583     16.57%     60.20% |    0.262950     16.85%     77.05% |    0.257946     16.53%     93.58% |    0.025045      1.61%     95.18% |    0.025055      1.61%     96.79% |    0.025056      1.61%     98.39% |    0.025054      1.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.560447                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.038986                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023598                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007591                       |    0.007837                       |    0.007449                       |    0.007666                       |    0.007618                       |    0.007981                       |    0.007356                       |    0.007419                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007178                       |    0.004691                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004698                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004644                       |    0.004629                       |    0.004643                       |    0.004688                       |    0.004708                       |    0.004675                       |    0.004642                       |    0.004671                       |    0.004629                       |    0.004635                       |    0.004667                       |    0.004661                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004644                       |    0.004644                       |    0.005028                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004635                       |    0.004652                       |    0.004662                       |    0.004634                       |    0.004656                       |    0.004674                       |    0.004687                       |    0.004777                       |    0.004948                       |    0.016611                       |    0.016403                       |    0.016374                       |    0.016385                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001931                       |    0.004972                       |    0.000381                       |    0.000404                       |    0.000370                       |    0.000394                       |    0.000381                       |    0.000412                       |    0.000343                       |    0.000357                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004745                       |    0.004139                       |    0.010584                       |    0.004580                       |    0.000343                       |    0.006923                       |    0.013925                       |    0.006841                       |           0                       |    0.004598                       |    0.010661                       |           0                       |    0.015990                       |    0.020513                       |    0.008138                       |    0.010811                       |    0.004576                       |    0.000381                       |    0.017390                       |    0.016380                       |    0.014727                       |    0.011032                       |    0.004616                       |    0.000404                       |    0.018788                       |    0.015556                       |    0.010167                       |           0                       |    0.004591                       |    0.010448                       |           0                       |    0.018633                       |    0.013784                       |    0.009488                       |           0                       |    0.004594                       |           0                       |    0.009327                       |    0.006890                       |    0.006194                       |           0                       |    0.004586                       |           0                       |    0.004652                       |    0.004142                       |           0                       |    0.004878                       |           0                       |    0.001893                       |    0.005028                       |    0.004225                       |    0.010591                       |    0.004595                       |    0.000357                       |    0.010118                       |    0.005847                       |    0.014304                       |    0.004122                       |    0.010596                       |    0.004568                       |    0.000370                       |    0.007299                       |    0.014177                       |    0.020089                       |    0.005525                       |    0.025211                       |    0.006373                       |    0.001931                       |    0.012344                       |    0.020196                       |    0.027602                       |    0.011993                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004607                       |    0.004972                       |    0.012611                       |    0.018261                       |    0.019666                       |    0.012208                       |    0.010817                       |    0.004561                       |    0.000394                       |    0.010970                       |    0.015595                       |    0.010848                       |    0.006953                       |           0                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.003893                       |    0.009304                       |    0.005407                       |    0.006174                       |           0                       |    0.004583                       |           0                       |    0.001839                       |    0.004662                       |    0.004097                       |           0                       |    0.004713                       |           0                       |    0.001011                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.004618                       |           0                       |    0.011425                       |    0.006066                       |    0.008268                       |    0.004555                       |           0                       |    0.004697                       |    0.010435                       |           0                       |    0.007519                       |    0.016036                       |    0.015664                       |    0.004564                       |    0.010811                       |    0.004569                       |    0.000381                       |    0.019866                       |    0.017446                       |    0.012378                       |    0.004592                       |    0.011265                       |    0.004566                       |    0.000412                       |    0.009299                       |    0.019006                       |    0.012866                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.004810                       |    0.010440                       |           0                       |    0.008971                       |    0.018862                       |    0.011987                       |    0.004574                       |           0                       |    0.004587                       |           0                       |    0.002997                       |    0.009306                       |    0.006004                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.000969                       |    0.004634                       |    0.004566                       |           0                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004635                       |           0                       |    0.004555                       |           0                       |    0.005203                       |           0                       |    0.007965                       |           0                       |    0.004564                       |           0                       |    0.006525                       |    0.003903                       |    0.009665                       |           0                       |    0.004592                       |           0                       |    0.010738                       |    0.007493                       |    0.006715                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.005527                       |    0.010614                       |    0.005590                       |           0                       |    0.004574                       |           0                       |    0.009185                       |    0.010355                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009300                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004566                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004656                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.560447                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8944883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8944883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6425012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5808810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.409325                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          703873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15444975                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18934073                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181230                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15531309                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19115303                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34379048                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267564                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34646612                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10468263                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9648                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10477911                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10468263                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9648                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10477911                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235831373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34558794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63084083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8944883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6512683                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195714623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       299871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       343077                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10467595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3956                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231699011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209668465     90.49%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1987505      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3032897      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           869608      0.38%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3091259      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1410194      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3873244      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           544496      0.24%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7221343      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231699011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13360251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202609803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6770027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8505203                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453720                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110411445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453720                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15989134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124043494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13484283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12296753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65431620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108408740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5837424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119691341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244570359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160259284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106198485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367067                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52793061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8187141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19346496                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1964972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1729117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106464148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       695867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111370476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326722                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14628357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231699011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184888222     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19617777      8.47%     88.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10539885      4.55%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6004435      2.59%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3692722      1.59%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5039790      2.18%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083440      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472774      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359966      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231699011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113381      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913417     78.18%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141589     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417212      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76347884     68.55%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.05%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15348424     13.78%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19152384     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111370476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010491                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455934910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117183095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102696582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112121567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2132484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2661                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8943                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740821                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8927033                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453720                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6256222                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111560842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107160015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8187141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19346496                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       686445                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         233968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8943                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       329883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110658425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15133350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34079725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7503134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18946375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.469227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102804982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102696636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53448981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81597524                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435466                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655032                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       558865                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230015570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191979179     83.46%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16136587      7.02%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11022898      4.79%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2588962      1.13%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2377843      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       993950      0.43%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155275      0.50%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622964      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3137912      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230015570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54681209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96826085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25321191                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6715516                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6978147                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96195386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       619642                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178701      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71224141     73.56%     73.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.05%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6715516      6.94%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18605675     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96826085                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3137912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333701313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215842188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4132362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54681209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96826085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.312841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.312841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166231804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75599617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35380284                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36892532                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49360312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7075495000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7075494999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12758374                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        71.849856                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.334550                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      116.423063                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11876047     93.08%     93.08% |      597171      4.68%     97.76% |      269605      2.11%     99.88% |       15518      0.12%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12758374                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14035561                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.413846                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.246976                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.031888                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13996927     99.72%     99.72% |       33959      0.24%     99.97% |        3875      0.03%     99.99% |         654      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14035561                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        298683                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.002735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.090345                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.689806                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       37615     12.59%     12.59% |      170864     57.21%     69.80% |       84058     28.14%     97.94% |        6024      2.02%     99.96% |         120      0.04%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          298683                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9204924                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          121.257677                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.050427                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         293.450907                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8981531     97.57%     97.57% |      200531      2.18%     99.75% |       19914      0.22%     99.97% |        2434      0.03%     99.99% |         393      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9204924                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6493275                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001098                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000925                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.036747                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6486835     99.90%     99.90% |        5874      0.09%     99.99% |         444      0.01%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6493275                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711649                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     404.433149                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    250.617296                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    422.662663                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2488256     91.76%     91.76% |      200531      7.40%     99.16% |       19914      0.73%     99.89% |        2434      0.09%     99.98% |         393      0.01%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711649                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19586756                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           40.944609                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.426703                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         175.538491                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19435299     99.23%     99.23% |      136426      0.70%     99.92% |       12879      0.07%     99.99% |        1683      0.01%    100.00% |         309      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19586756                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17964087                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000217                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000179                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017519                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17960911     99.98%     99.98% |        2530      0.01%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17964087                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     461.015714                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    328.314356                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    423.727258                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1471212     90.67%     90.67% |      136426      8.41%     99.07% |       12879      0.79%     99.87% |        1683      0.10%     99.97% |         309      0.02%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10461157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.039981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.119994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.262224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10460740    100.00%    100.00% |         352      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10461157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10334689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10334688    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10334689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126468                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.024947                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.914694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    71.601959                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126051     99.67%     99.67% |         352      0.28%     99.95% |          46      0.04%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.975773                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.291541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273463     98.18%     98.18% |        3850      1.38%     99.56% |        1013      0.36%     99.93% |          93      0.03%     99.96% |          54      0.02%     99.98% |          51      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257601     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.639864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.475024                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.199259                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15761     75.66%     75.66% |        3850     18.48%     94.14% |        1013      4.86%     99.01% |          93      0.45%     99.45% |          54      0.26%     99.71% |          51      0.24%     99.96% |           7      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20831                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312845                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10114329                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       149390                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    80819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   120030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    85872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   121939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    76453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   119815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    81235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   121684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    80295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   119947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   90458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  122293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   72220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  117412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   75260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  118356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  63597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 168770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  67568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 166861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  58939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 168985                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  63181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 167116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  64121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 168853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 72006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                166507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 63172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                171388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 60132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                170444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    74575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   162939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    79245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   161206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    69388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   163104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    73882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   161666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    75113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   162723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   84338                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  161065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   73326                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  165494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   70328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  164684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3078529                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6809703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3077046                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6712564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 2968980                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6799410                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 2954252                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6723710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3097995                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6843409                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                3236240                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6690529                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3201931                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7047713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3102399                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4301899333                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                45175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                92887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                47537                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                93934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                42704                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                93154                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                45313                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                93418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                44529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                92503                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               49979                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               94003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               40359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               90849                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               42447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               91626                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              37801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             134473                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              40623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             133426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              35088                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             134206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              37663                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             133942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              38447                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             134857                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             43365                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            133357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             37433                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            136511                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             35345                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            135734                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               35644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               27143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               38335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               28005                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               33749                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               26661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               35922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               35766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               27444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              40479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              31861                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32813                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             25796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             34297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             26945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             33435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             23851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             34779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             25518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             33174                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             25674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             33996                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            28641                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            33150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            25739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            34877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            24787                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            34710                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5438384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8483197                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5305291                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8493562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5389370                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8519123                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5240780                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8469976                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5334179                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8474817                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5449311                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8473462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5231736                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8521080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5336515                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8512182                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4715614                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7739212                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4505616                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7781894                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4731757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7742160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4481925                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7748932                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4575938                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7756834                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4557153                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7749369                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4487463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7706470                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4655560                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7698259                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2142566                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2301883                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2020086                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3933082                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2161461                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2136292                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2452625                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2008269                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3938496                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1988924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3938115                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3109865                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2234213                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3398220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2202379                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3069410                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2295708                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3189027                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2198518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3107100                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2208043                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3638516                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2220347                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3106403                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2313281                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3034453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2320162                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4715614                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7739212                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4505616                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7781894                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4731757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7742160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4481925                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7748932                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4575938                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7756834                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4557153                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7749369                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4487463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7706470                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4655560                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7698259                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097473                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2228536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1966371                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2097458                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097470                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2359623                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1966383                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1966398                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932535                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2751217                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2234213                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2772545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2202379                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2749286                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2295708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2692463                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2198518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2729426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2208043                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2865005                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2220347                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2666881                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2313281                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2697915                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2320162                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5271509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7991629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5156075                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8001994                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5215302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8038696                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            5046714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7978408                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5156131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7983249                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5353328                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7981894                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5051714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8085028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5136211                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8053721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227940222                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227940218                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227940224                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227940220                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227940229                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227940225                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227940241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227940237                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9759072                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11348438                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9793096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11391822                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9719745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11403039                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9510450                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11291982                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9681762                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11220885                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9794397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11273596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9562005                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11405522                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9807926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11362226                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             12948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             26119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             13641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             25922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             12939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             13010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14513                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            12108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6855                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             13017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             11266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             12282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             11764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              7063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            13634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7541                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            10347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             14122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             15339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             21010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             13388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             19330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             14819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             20466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             13486                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             19254                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            15887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            10636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            17193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            12352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            17945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          532473                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         4418240                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          580732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         4342099                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          457917                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         4391866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          530969                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         4377691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          545887                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         4539152                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         640318                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        4320534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         597613                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        4653811                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         505290                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        4530634                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      662976     25.25%     25.25% |      654749     24.94%     50.19% |      653596     24.90%     75.09% |      654011     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2625332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      307000     25.54%     25.54% |      298395     24.83%     50.37% |      298208     24.81%     75.18% |      298278     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1201881                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      663001     25.25%     25.25% |      654749     24.94%     50.19% |      653595     24.90%     75.09% |      654011     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2625356                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      312858     25.53%     25.53% |      304266     24.83%     50.36% |      304079     24.82%     75.18% |      304149     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1225352                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      347785     25.01%     25.01% |      348162     25.04%     50.04% |      347196     24.97%     75.01% |      347541     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1390684                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      662976     25.25%     25.25% |      654749     24.94%     50.19% |      653596     24.90%     75.09% |      654011     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2625332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      306755     25.54%     25.54% |      298218     24.83%     50.37% |      298031     24.81%     75.18% |      298101     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1201105                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      347785     25.01%     25.01% |      348162     25.04%     50.04% |      347196     24.97%     75.01% |      347541     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1390684                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      662976     25.25%     25.25% |      654749     24.94%     50.19% |      653595     24.90%     75.09% |      654011     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2625331                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      306755     25.54%     25.54% |      298218     24.83%     50.37% |      298031     24.81%     75.18% |      298101     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1201105                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6726938     73.04%     73.04% |          34      0.00%     73.05% |      310283      3.37%     76.41% |      315474      3.43%     79.84% |      305105      3.31%     83.15% |      310292      3.37%     86.52% |      310304      3.37%     89.89% |      320663      3.48%     93.37% |      305129      3.31%     96.69% |      305117      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9209339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10461201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10461201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18887103     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      122877      0.62%     95.67% |      126734      0.64%     96.31% |      119030      0.60%     96.91% |      122881      0.62%     97.53% |      122883      0.62%     98.14% |      130571      0.66%     98.80% |      119039      0.60%     99.40% |      119027      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19870145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26655     10.71%     10.71% |          34      0.01%     10.73% |       28018     11.26%     21.99% |       27214     10.94%     32.93% |       27962     11.24%     44.17% |       27895     11.21%     55.38% |       28170     11.32%     66.70% |       28516     11.46%     78.16% |       27256     10.96%     89.12% |       27072     10.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       248792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026867     20.43%     20.43% |           0      0.00%     20.43% |      499816      9.95%     30.38% |      514743     10.24%     40.62% |      490603      9.76%     50.39% |      499790      9.95%     60.33% |      497682      9.90%     70.24% |      525371     10.45%     80.69% |      484277      9.64%     90.33% |      485967      9.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5025116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           7     23.33%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           7     23.33%     63.33% |           4     13.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        5708     11.45%     11.46% |        7722     15.49%     26.94% |        6072     12.18%     39.12% |        7593     15.23%     54.35% |        6651     13.34%     67.69% |        6478     12.99%     80.68% |        4162      8.35%     89.03% |        5470     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        49861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232136      9.12%      9.12% |          29      0.00%      9.12% |      288433     11.33%     20.44% |      293948     11.54%     31.98% |      285947     11.23%     43.21% |      288752     11.34%     54.55% |      286613     11.25%     65.80% |      301209     11.83%     77.63% |      283485     11.13%     88.76% |      286187     11.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2546739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6909     13.86%     13.87% |        6025     12.08%     25.95% |        6618     13.27%     39.22% |        5930     11.89%     51.12% |        6371     12.78%     63.89% |        5106     10.24%     74.13% |        7285     14.61%     88.74% |        5612     11.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        49861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792293     42.03%     42.03% |           0      0.00%     42.03% |      136838      7.26%     49.29% |      140785      7.47%     56.76% |      130767      6.94%     63.70% |      137452      7.29%     70.99% |      139178      7.38%     78.37% |      143747      7.63%     86.00% |      132492      7.03%     93.03% |      131480      6.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1885032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886131     21.95%     21.95% |           0      0.00%     21.95% |      393351      9.74%     31.70% |      402205      9.96%     41.66% |      385854      9.56%     51.22% |      393248      9.74%     60.96% |      392286      9.72%     70.68% |      411397     10.19%     80.87% |      385778      9.56%     90.43% |      386338      9.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4036588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225150      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      309810     11.46%     19.79% |      314919     11.65%     31.44% |      304674     11.27%     42.71% |      309812     11.46%     54.16% |      309800     11.46%     65.62% |      320146     11.84%     77.47% |      304645     11.27%     88.73% |      304595     11.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664987     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      122275      7.44%     47.91% |      125802      7.66%     55.56% |      118600      7.22%     62.78% |      122276      7.44%     70.22% |      122320      7.44%     77.67% |      129897      7.90%     85.57% |      118525      7.21%     92.78% |      118597      7.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11156      8.45%      8.45% |           0      0.00%      8.45% |       15472     11.73%     20.18% |       16273     12.33%     32.51% |       14228     10.78%     43.30% |       16456     12.47%     55.77% |       17099     12.96%     68.73% |       14097     10.68%     79.41% |       14186     10.75%     90.16% |       12981      9.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       131948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7678     95.01%     95.01% |          17      0.21%     95.22% |          75      0.93%     96.15% |          34      0.42%     96.57% |          45      0.56%     97.13% |          30      0.37%     97.50% |          31      0.38%     97.88% |          14      0.17%     98.06% |          82      1.01%     99.07% |          75      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         8081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         146     61.86%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |          20      8.47%     70.34% |           3      1.27%     71.61% |          13      5.51%     77.12% |          16      6.78%     83.90% |          11      4.66%     88.56% |           5      2.12%     90.68% |          10      4.24%     94.92% |          12      5.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3379      3.28%      3.28% |           0      0.00%      3.28% |       12336     11.96%     15.24% |       10756     10.43%     25.67% |       13538     13.13%     38.80% |       11217     10.88%     49.68% |       10898     10.57%     60.25% |       14238     13.81%     74.06% |       12866     12.48%     86.54% |       13876     13.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       103104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.75%     97.75% |           0      0.00%     97.75% |          67      0.26%     98.02% |         115      0.45%     98.47% |          59      0.23%     98.70% |          81      0.32%     99.01% |          48      0.19%     99.20% |          59      0.23%     99.43% |          66      0.26%     99.69% |          79      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10334689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10334689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4565     30.93%     30.93% |           5      0.03%     30.96% |        1079      7.31%     38.27% |        1298      8.79%     47.06% |        1303      8.83%     55.89% |        1367      9.26%     65.15% |        1229      8.33%     73.48% |        1379      9.34%     82.82% |        1215      8.23%     91.05% |        1321      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122469     37.70%     37.70% |           0      0.00%     37.70% |       25886      7.97%     45.66% |       27248      8.39%     54.05% |       23370      7.19%     61.24% |       27111      8.34%     69.59% |       28424      8.75%     78.34% |       23896      7.36%     85.69% |       24014      7.39%     93.08% |       22466      6.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       324884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3170239     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         320      0.01%     99.92% |         388      0.01%     99.93% |         310      0.01%     99.94% |         349      0.01%     99.95% |         393      0.01%     99.97% |         421      0.01%     99.98% |         295      0.01%     99.99% |         339      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3173054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38447    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10528     16.17%     16.17% |          29      0.04%     16.21% |        6756     10.37%     26.59% |        6216      9.55%     36.13% |        7434     11.42%     47.55% |        6333      9.73%     57.27% |        6077      9.33%     66.61% |        7224     11.09%     77.70% |        7160     11.00%     88.69% |        7362     11.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        65119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182972      7.65%      7.65% |           0      0.00%      7.65% |      275863     11.53%     19.18% |      279895     11.70%     30.88% |      272326     11.38%     42.26% |      274750     11.48%     53.75% |      273803     11.45%     65.19% |      287362     12.01%     77.21% |      272051     11.37%     88.58% |      273237     11.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2392259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5544     11.39%     11.39% |        7568     15.55%     26.94% |        5930     12.18%     39.13% |        7399     15.20%     54.33% |        6481     13.32%     67.65% |        6350     13.05%     80.70% |        4039      8.30%     88.99% |        5356     11.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        48667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3294659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3294659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18180133     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         564      0.00%     99.98% |         892      0.00%     99.98% |         403      0.00%     99.99% |         567      0.00%     99.99% |         529      0.00%     99.99% |         638      0.00%    100.00% |         484      0.00%    100.00% |         409      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18184619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         406      1.12%      1.12% |           0      0.00%      1.12% |        4621     12.76%     13.88% |        3331      9.20%     23.08% |        4900     13.53%     36.61% |        3633     10.03%     46.64% |        3675     10.15%     56.78% |        5701     15.74%     72.52% |        4622     12.76%     85.28% |        5330     14.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        36219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703159     42.76%     42.76% |           0      0.00%     42.76% |      117488      7.15%     49.91% |      122310      7.44%     57.35% |      113528      6.90%     64.25% |      118498      7.21%     71.46% |      118483      7.21%     78.66% |      124035      7.54%     86.21% |      113727      6.92%     93.12% |      113101      6.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1644329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           7     23.33%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           7     23.33%     63.33% |           4     13.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.64%     13.64% |           4     18.18%     31.82% |           3     13.64%     45.45% |           6     27.27%     72.73% |           2      9.09%     81.82% |           2      9.09%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258      3.03%      3.03% |           0      0.00%      3.03% |       49868     12.33%     15.36% |       52852     13.07%     28.43% |       49745     12.30%     40.73% |       48551     12.00%     52.73% |       47122     11.65%     64.38% |       52503     12.98%     77.37% |       45016     11.13%     88.50% |       46521     11.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       404436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232136      9.12%      9.12% |          29      0.00%      9.12% |      288430     11.33%     20.44% |      293944     11.54%     31.98% |      285945     11.23%     43.21% |      288748     11.34%     54.55% |      286612     11.25%     65.80% |      301207     11.83%     77.63% |      283485     11.13%     88.76% |      286187     11.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2546723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6909     13.86%     13.87% |        6025     12.08%     25.95% |        6618     13.27%     39.22% |        5930     11.89%     51.12% |        6371     12.78%     63.89% |        5106     10.24%     74.13% |        7285     14.61%     88.74% |        5612     11.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        49861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127160     52.65%     52.65% |           0      0.00%     52.65% |       14543      6.02%     58.67% |       14980      6.20%     64.88% |       12153      5.03%     69.91% |       15158      6.28%     76.18% |       16846      6.98%     83.16% |       13845      5.73%     88.89% |       13955      5.78%     94.67% |       12871      5.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       241511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.68%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |       18372     11.77%     13.46% |       21682     13.89%     27.35% |       18095     11.59%     38.94% |       19657     12.59%     51.53% |       18952     12.14%     63.67% |       23336     14.95%     78.62% |       16599     10.63%     89.26% |       16766     10.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       156089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665133     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      122295      7.44%     47.91% |      125805      7.65%     55.57% |      118613      7.22%     62.78% |      122292      7.44%     70.22% |      122331      7.44%     77.67% |      129902      7.90%     85.57% |      118535      7.21%     92.78% |      118609      7.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           6     40.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     18.75%     18.75% |           4     25.00%     43.75% |           2     12.50%     56.25% |           4     25.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4224     95.70%     95.70% |           0      0.00%     95.70% |          11      0.25%     95.94% |          18      0.41%     96.35% |          17      0.39%     96.74% |          19      0.43%     97.17% |          32      0.72%     97.89% |          23      0.52%     98.41% |          41      0.93%     99.34% |          29      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     95.09%     95.09% |           0      0.00%     95.09% |          18      0.51%     95.60% |          37      1.04%     96.64% |          14      0.39%     97.04% |          22      0.62%     97.66% |          23      0.65%     98.31% |          31      0.87%     99.18% |          20      0.56%     99.75% |           9      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          87     12.03%     12.03% |          92     12.72%     24.76% |          94     13.00%     37.76% |         100     13.83%     51.59% |          88     12.17%     63.76% |         113     15.63%     79.39% |          71      9.82%     89.21% |          78     10.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         164     13.79%     13.79% |         154     12.95%     26.75% |         142     11.94%     38.69% |         194     16.32%     55.00% |         170     14.30%     69.30% |         128     10.77%     80.07% |         123     10.34%     90.41% |         114      9.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886131     21.96%     21.96% |           0      0.00%     21.96% |      393100      9.74%     31.71% |      401959      9.96%     41.67% |      385618      9.56%     51.23% |      392954      9.74%     60.97% |      392028      9.72%     70.68% |      411156     10.19%     80.87% |      385584      9.56%     90.43% |      386146      9.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4034676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         251     13.13%     13.13% |         246     12.87%     25.99% |         236     12.34%     38.34% |         294     15.38%     53.71% |         258     13.49%     67.21% |         241     12.60%     79.81% |         194     10.15%     89.96% |         192     10.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3919      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3523      2.78%      8.87% |        3537      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4088      3.23%     17.75% |        3808      3.01%     20.75% |        3375      2.66%     23.42% |        3693      2.92%     26.33% |        5221      4.12%     30.45% |        4048      3.20%     33.65% |        3863      3.05%     36.70% |        3758      2.97%     39.66% |        4411      3.48%     43.15% |        3940      3.11%     46.26% |        3830      3.02%     49.28% |        4251      3.36%     52.64% |        4222      3.33%     55.97% |        3698      2.92%     58.89% |        3348      2.64%     61.53% |        3123      2.47%     64.00% |        3780      2.98%     66.98% |        3576      2.82%     69.80% |        3425      2.70%     72.51% |        3684      2.91%     75.41% |        3832      3.02%     78.44% |        3311      2.61%     81.05% |        4754      3.75%     84.80% |        4039      3.19%     87.99% |        5404      4.27%     92.26% |        5232      4.13%     96.39% |        4575      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158843      5.85%      5.85% |       82768      3.05%      8.90% |       81472      3.00%     11.90% |       82593      3.04%     14.94% |       81812      3.01%     17.96% |       81614      3.01%     20.96% |       81081      2.99%     23.95% |       81068      2.99%     26.93% |       81267      2.99%     29.93% |       81615      3.01%     32.93% |       83433      3.07%     36.01% |       82811      3.05%     39.06% |       81801      3.01%     42.07% |       81685      3.01%     45.08% |       81009      2.98%     48.06% |       81121      2.99%     51.05% |       82007      3.02%     54.07% |       81508      3.00%     57.07% |       81839      3.01%     60.09% |       82085      3.02%     63.11% |       81937      3.02%     66.13% |       90450      3.33%     69.46% |       88808      3.27%     72.73% |       81427      3.00%     75.73% |       81435      3.00%     78.73% |       82052      3.02%     81.75% |       81337      3.00%     84.75% |       81201      2.99%     87.74% |       81860      3.02%     90.75% |       81189      2.99%     93.74% |       82034      3.02%     96.76% |       87862      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64780      3.94%      3.94% |       50600      3.08%      7.02% |       50583      3.08%     10.09% |       51598      3.14%     13.23% |       50368      3.06%     16.29% |       50150      3.05%     19.34% |       50424      3.07%     22.41% |       49955      3.04%     25.45% |       50116      3.05%     28.50% |       50446      3.07%     31.57% |       50548      3.07%     34.64% |       50093      3.05%     37.69% |       49955      3.04%     40.72% |       50515      3.07%     43.80% |       49857      3.03%     46.83% |       49957      3.04%     49.87% |       50021      3.04%     52.91% |       50477      3.07%     55.98% |       50443      3.07%     59.05% |       50441      3.07%     62.11% |       50735      3.09%     65.20% |       56931      3.46%     68.66% |       52043      3.17%     71.83% |       50290      3.06%     74.89% |       50690      3.08%     77.97% |       50287      3.06%     81.03% |       50617      3.08%     84.11% |       50603      3.08%     87.18% |       51149      3.11%     90.29% |       50935      3.10%     93.39% |       53644      3.26%     96.65% |       55017      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1644268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213712      5.29%      5.29% |      123760      3.06%      8.35% |      122607      3.04%     11.39% |      124681      3.09%     14.48% |      122776      3.04%     17.51% |      122136      3.02%     20.54% |      122368      3.03%     23.57% |      121642      3.01%     26.58% |      121995      3.02%     29.60% |      122760      3.04%     32.64% |      124354      3.08%     35.72% |      123276      3.05%     38.77% |      122093      3.02%     41.79% |      122454      3.03%     44.82% |      121039      3.00%     47.82% |      120786      2.99%     50.81% |      121860      3.02%     53.82% |      121705      3.01%     56.84% |      121838      3.02%     59.85% |      122052      3.02%     62.87% |      122120      3.02%     65.90% |      136538      3.38%     69.28% |      130200      3.22%     72.50% |      120877      2.99%     75.49% |      121519      3.01%     78.50% |      121878      3.02%     81.52% |      121555      3.01%     84.53% |      121440      3.01%     87.53% |      122779      3.04%     90.57% |      122070      3.02%     93.59% |      125801      3.11%     96.71% |      132959      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4039630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          41      3.46%      3.46% |          46      3.88%      7.34% |          36      3.04%     10.38% |          52      4.39%     14.77% |          49      4.14%     18.90% |          45      3.80%     22.70% |          41      3.46%     26.16% |          21      1.77%     27.93% |          34      2.87%     30.80% |          35      2.95%     33.76% |          37      3.12%     36.88% |          43      3.63%     40.51% |          24      2.03%     42.53% |          42      3.54%     46.08% |          25      2.11%     48.19% |          38      3.21%     51.39% |          25      2.11%     53.50% |          28      2.36%     55.86% |          29      2.45%     58.31% |          52      4.39%     62.70% |          42      3.54%     66.24% |          28      2.36%     68.61% |          35      2.95%     71.56% |          42      3.54%     75.11% |          42      3.54%     78.65% |          42      3.54%     82.19% |          33      2.78%     84.98% |          50      4.22%     89.20% |          22      1.86%     91.05% |          41      3.46%     94.51% |          40      3.38%     97.89% |          25      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1185                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45468      3.85%      3.85% |       36700      3.11%      6.96% |       36569      3.10%     10.05% |       36435      3.08%     13.14% |       36462      3.09%     16.22% |       36508      3.09%     19.31% |       36638      3.10%     22.42% |       36802      3.12%     25.53% |       36708      3.11%     28.64% |       36693      3.11%     31.74% |       36662      3.10%     34.85% |       36493      3.09%     37.94% |       36531      3.09%     41.03% |       36670      3.10%     44.13% |       36752      3.11%     47.25% |       36805      3.12%     50.36% |       36760      3.11%     53.47% |       36686      3.11%     56.58% |       36553      3.09%     59.67% |       36437      3.08%     62.76% |       36507      3.09%     65.85% |       36589      3.10%     68.95% |       36654      3.10%     72.05% |       36714      3.11%     75.16% |       36766      3.11%     78.27% |       36717      3.11%     81.38% |       36601      3.10%     84.48% |       36496      3.09%     87.57% |       36535      3.09%     90.66% |       36639      3.10%     93.76% |       36813      3.12%     96.88% |       36887      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1181250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44535      3.16%      3.16% |       44285      3.14%      6.30% |       44043      3.12%      9.42% |       43894      3.11%     12.53% |       43838      3.11%     15.64% |       43955      3.12%     18.76% |       44093      3.13%     21.88% |       44400      3.15%     25.03% |       44584      3.16%     28.19% |       44382      3.15%     31.34% |       44209      3.13%     34.47% |       44153      3.13%     37.60% |       44057      3.12%     40.72% |       44129      3.13%     43.85% |       44082      3.13%     46.98% |       44372      3.15%     50.12% |       44397      3.15%     53.27% |       44180      3.13%     56.40% |       43816      3.11%     59.51% |       43742      3.10%     62.61% |       43634      3.09%     65.70% |       44061      3.12%     68.83% |       43914      3.11%     71.94% |       44085      3.13%     75.07% |       44132      3.13%     78.19% |       44191      3.13%     81.33% |       43758      3.10%     84.43% |       43655      3.09%     87.52% |       43627      3.09%     90.62% |       43996      3.12%     93.74% |       44073      3.12%     96.86% |       44279      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1410551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       91116      3.47%      3.47% |       82031      3.12%      6.60% |       81656      3.11%      9.71% |       81374      3.10%     12.81% |       81345      3.10%     15.90% |       81509      3.10%     19.01% |       81777      3.11%     22.12% |       82247      3.13%     25.26% |       82338      3.14%     28.39% |       82121      3.13%     31.52% |       81918      3.12%     34.64% |       81690      3.11%     37.75% |       81635      3.11%     40.86% |       81845      3.12%     43.98% |       81880      3.12%     47.10% |       82222      3.13%     50.23% |       82203      3.13%     53.36% |       81912      3.12%     56.48% |       81415      3.10%     59.58% |       81225      3.09%     62.68% |       81187      3.09%     65.77% |       81696      3.11%     68.88% |       81613      3.11%     71.99% |       81845      3.12%     75.11% |       81944      3.12%     78.23% |       81953      3.12%     81.35% |       81405      3.10%     84.45% |       81196      3.09%     87.54% |       81208      3.09%     90.64% |       81681      3.11%     93.75% |       81931      3.12%     96.87% |       82212      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2625330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       90092      3.48%      3.48% |       81007      3.12%      6.60% |       80632      3.11%      9.71% |       80350      3.10%     12.81% |       80321      3.10%     15.91% |       80485      3.10%     19.01% |       80753      3.11%     22.13% |       81223      3.13%     25.26% |       81314      3.14%     28.40% |       81097      3.13%     31.52% |       80894      3.12%     34.64% |       80666      3.11%     37.76% |       80611      3.11%     40.86% |       80821      3.12%     43.98% |       80856      3.12%     47.10% |       81198      3.13%     50.23% |       81180      3.13%     53.36% |       80888      3.12%     56.48% |       80391      3.10%     59.58% |       80201      3.09%     62.68% |       80163      3.09%     65.77% |       80672      3.11%     68.88% |       80590      3.11%     71.99% |       80821      3.12%     75.11% |       80920      3.12%     78.23% |       80930      3.12%     81.35% |       80381      3.10%     84.45% |       80172      3.09%     87.54% |       80184      3.09%     90.64% |       80657      3.11%     93.75% |       80907      3.12%     96.87% |       81188      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2592565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1187      3.24%      3.24% |        1145      3.13%      6.37% |        1131      3.09%      9.46% |        1158      3.16%     12.62% |        1162      3.17%     15.80% |        1138      3.11%     18.91% |        1053      2.88%     21.78% |        1147      3.13%     24.92% |        1142      3.12%     28.04% |        1094      2.99%     31.03% |        1106      3.02%     34.05% |        1146      3.13%     37.18% |        1176      3.21%     40.39% |        1133      3.10%     43.49% |        1071      2.93%     46.41% |        1157      3.16%     49.57% |        1171      3.20%     52.77% |        1147      3.13%     55.91% |        1168      3.19%     59.10% |        1171      3.20%     62.30% |        1210      3.31%     65.60% |        1215      3.32%     68.92% |        1082      2.96%     71.88% |        1153      3.15%     75.03% |        1130      3.09%     78.11% |        1140      3.11%     81.23% |        1123      3.07%     84.30% |        1166      3.19%     87.48% |        1162      3.17%     90.66% |        1183      3.23%     93.89% |        1077      2.94%     96.83% |        1160      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        36604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1557      3.10%      3.10% |        1514      3.02%      6.12% |        1476      2.94%      9.06% |        1469      2.93%     11.98% |        1507      3.00%     14.99% |        1447      2.88%     17.87% |        1386      2.76%     20.63% |        1410      2.81%     23.44% |        1493      2.97%     26.41% |        1501      2.99%     29.40% |        1556      3.10%     32.50% |        1555      3.10%     35.60% |        1587      3.16%     38.76% |        1595      3.18%     41.94% |        1557      3.10%     45.04% |        1546      3.08%     48.12% |        1581      3.15%     51.27% |        1604      3.20%     54.47% |        1687      3.36%     57.83% |        1723      3.43%     61.26% |        1695      3.38%     64.64% |        1673      3.33%     67.97% |        1708      3.40%     71.37% |        1613      3.21%     74.58% |        1638      3.26%     77.85% |        1617      3.22%     81.07% |        1612      3.21%     84.28% |        1636      3.26%     87.54% |        1634      3.26%     90.79% |        1545      3.08%     93.87% |        1552      3.09%     96.96% |        1524      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        50198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2098      3.13%      3.13% |        1960      2.92%      6.06% |        1978      2.95%      9.01% |        1907      2.85%     11.85% |        1961      2.93%     14.78% |        1852      2.76%     17.54% |        1877      2.80%     20.34% |        1850      2.76%     23.10% |        1984      2.96%     26.06% |        1913      2.85%     28.92% |        2057      3.07%     31.99% |        1992      2.97%     34.96% |        2082      3.11%     38.07% |        2050      3.06%     41.13% |        2137      3.19%     44.32% |        2149      3.21%     47.52% |        2185      3.26%     50.78% |        2119      3.16%     53.94% |        2282      3.41%     57.35% |        2216      3.31%     60.66% |        2296      3.43%     64.08% |        2257      3.37%     67.45% |        2358      3.52%     70.97% |        2304      3.44%     74.41% |        2276      3.40%     77.80% |        2151      3.21%     81.01% |        2214      3.30%     84.32% |        2131      3.18%     87.50% |        2186      3.26%     90.76% |        2053      3.06%     93.82% |        2117      3.16%     96.98% |        2023      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        67015                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4470      3.09%      3.09% |        4400      3.04%      6.12% |        4375      3.02%      9.14% |        4399      3.04%     12.18% |        4349      3.00%     15.18% |        4283      2.96%     18.14% |        4340      3.00%     21.14% |        4388      3.03%     24.17% |        4420      3.05%     27.22% |        4393      3.03%     30.25% |        4528      3.13%     33.38% |        4524      3.12%     36.50% |        4592      3.17%     39.67% |        4519      3.12%     42.79% |        4562      3.15%     45.94% |        4594      3.17%     49.12% |        4603      3.18%     52.29% |        4607      3.18%     55.47% |        4631      3.20%     58.67% |        4551      3.14%     61.81% |        4574      3.16%     64.97% |        4712      3.25%     68.23% |        4735      3.27%     71.49% |        4683      3.23%     74.73% |        4705      3.25%     77.98% |        4664      3.22%     81.20% |        4644      3.21%     84.40% |        4509      3.11%     87.52% |        4488      3.10%     90.61% |        4527      3.13%     93.74% |        4546      3.14%     96.88% |        4520      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       144835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1548      3.10%      3.10% |        1499      3.01%      6.11% |        1463      2.93%      9.05% |        1453      2.91%     11.96% |        1492      2.99%     14.95% |        1435      2.88%     17.83% |        1375      2.76%     20.59% |        1403      2.81%     23.40% |        1482      2.97%     26.37% |        1491      2.99%     29.36% |        1546      3.10%     32.46% |        1539      3.09%     35.55% |        1581      3.17%     38.72% |        1584      3.18%     41.90% |        1550      3.11%     45.01% |        1535      3.08%     48.09% |        1573      3.15%     51.24% |        1599      3.21%     54.45% |        1678      3.37%     57.81% |        1705      3.42%     61.23% |        1682      3.37%     64.61% |        1670      3.35%     67.95% |        1698      3.41%     71.36% |        1602      3.21%     74.57% |        1628      3.27%     77.84% |        1603      3.21%     81.05% |        1606      3.22%     84.27% |        1621      3.25%     87.53% |        1625      3.26%     90.78% |        1534      3.08%     93.86% |        1541      3.09%     96.95% |        1520      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        49861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218429      5.21%      5.21% |      128467      3.07%      8.28% |      127243      3.04%     11.32% |      129402      3.09%     14.40% |      127432      3.04%     17.44% |      126756      3.03%     20.47% |      126914      3.03%     23.50% |      126316      3.01%     26.51% |      126614      3.02%     29.53% |      127416      3.04%     32.58% |      129121      3.08%     35.66% |      128068      3.06%     38.71% |      126780      3.03%     41.74% |      127153      3.03%     44.77% |      125660      3.00%     47.77% |      125485      2.99%     50.77% |      126605      3.02%     53.79% |      126464      3.02%     56.81% |      126606      3.02%     59.83% |      126862      3.03%     62.85% |      126879      3.03%     65.88% |      141351      3.37%     69.26% |      134961      3.22%     72.48% |      125590      3.00%     75.47% |      126229      3.01%     78.49% |      126625      3.02%     81.51% |      126266      3.01%     84.52% |      126186      3.01%     87.53% |      127530      3.04%     90.58% |      126777      3.03%     93.60% |      130421      3.11%     96.71% |      137664      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4190272                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         506      3.20%      3.20% |         450      2.85%      6.05% |         452      2.86%      8.92% |         448      2.84%     11.75% |         474      3.00%     14.76% |         429      2.72%     17.47% |         466      2.95%     20.42% |         491      3.11%     23.53% |         522      3.31%     26.84% |         451      2.86%     29.70% |         482      3.05%     32.75% |         493      3.12%     35.87% |         593      3.76%     39.63% |         511      3.24%     42.86% |         501      3.17%     46.04% |         506      3.20%     49.24% |         507      3.21%     52.45% |         526      3.33%     55.78% |         519      3.29%     59.07% |         479      3.03%     62.10% |         460      2.91%     65.02% |         502      3.18%     68.20% |         472      2.99%     71.18% |         451      2.86%     74.04% |         514      3.26%     77.30% |         557      3.53%     80.82% |         502      3.18%     84.00% |         457      2.89%     86.90% |         455      2.88%     89.78% |         549      3.48%     93.26% |         540      3.42%     96.68% |         525      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52925      3.75%      3.75% |       44067      3.12%      6.88% |       43812      3.11%      9.98% |       43638      3.09%     13.08% |       43562      3.09%     16.16% |       43731      3.10%     19.26% |       43873      3.11%     22.38% |       44164      3.13%     25.51% |       44275      3.14%     28.65% |       44212      3.13%     31.78% |       43995      3.12%     34.90% |       43829      3.11%     38.01% |       43653      3.09%     41.10% |       43820      3.11%     44.21% |       43814      3.11%     47.31% |       44058      3.12%     50.44% |       44104      3.13%     53.56% |       43881      3.11%     56.67% |       43511      3.08%     59.76% |       43476      3.08%     62.84% |       43340      3.07%     65.91% |       43727      3.10%     69.01% |       43738      3.10%     72.12% |       43861      3.11%     75.22% |       43877      3.11%     78.34% |       43872      3.11%     81.45% |       43494      3.08%     84.53% |       43423      3.08%     87.61% |       43393      3.08%     90.68% |       43649      3.09%     93.78% |       43782      3.10%     96.88% |       43973      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1410529                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37685      3.14%      3.14% |       37514      3.13%      6.27% |       37392      3.12%      9.39% |       37288      3.11%     12.50% |       37309      3.11%     15.61% |       37349      3.11%     18.73% |       37438      3.12%     21.85% |       37592      3.14%     24.98% |       37541      3.13%     28.12% |       37458      3.12%     31.24% |       37441      3.12%     34.36% |       37368      3.12%     37.48% |       37389      3.12%     40.60% |       37514      3.13%     43.73% |       37565      3.13%     46.86% |       37658      3.14%     50.00% |       37592      3.14%     53.13% |       37505      3.13%     56.26% |       37385      3.12%     59.38% |       37270      3.11%     62.49% |       37387      3.12%     65.61% |       37467      3.12%     68.73% |       37404      3.12%     71.85% |       37533      3.13%     74.98% |       37553      3.13%     78.11% |       37525      3.13%     81.24% |       37409      3.12%     84.36% |       37317      3.11%     87.48% |       37360      3.12%     90.59% |       37483      3.13%     93.72% |       37609      3.14%     96.85% |       37714      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1199014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          20      3.51%      3.51% |          21      3.68%      7.19% |          18      3.16%     10.35% |          27      4.74%     15.09% |          25      4.39%     19.47% |          22      3.86%     23.33% |          19      3.33%     26.67% |           9      1.58%     28.25% |          17      2.98%     31.23% |          15      2.63%     33.86% |          18      3.16%     37.02% |          22      3.86%     40.88% |          12      2.11%     42.98% |          23      4.04%     47.02% |          11      1.93%     48.95% |          18      3.16%     52.11% |          10      1.75%     53.86% |          15      2.63%     56.49% |          15      2.63%     59.12% |          24      4.21%     63.33% |          18      3.16%     66.49% |          12      2.11%     68.60% |          16      2.81%     71.40% |          20      3.51%     74.91% |          19      3.33%     78.25% |          18      3.16%     81.40% |          15      2.63%     84.04% |          25      4.39%     88.42% |          13      2.28%     90.70% |          21      3.68%     94.39% |          19      3.33%     97.72% |          13      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2657      3.12%      3.12% |        2455      2.89%      6.01% |        2377      2.80%      8.81% |        2428      2.86%     11.66% |        2375      2.79%     14.46% |        2722      3.20%     17.66% |        2341      2.75%     20.41% |        2422      2.85%     23.26% |        2348      2.76%     26.02% |        2243      2.64%     28.66% |        2338      2.75%     31.41% |        2338      2.75%     34.16% |        2384      2.80%     36.96% |        2493      2.93%     39.90% |        2580      3.03%     42.93% |        2819      3.32%     46.25% |        2637      3.10%     49.35% |        2804      3.30%     52.64% |        2839      3.34%     55.98% |        2896      3.41%     59.39% |        2852      3.35%     62.74% |        2956      3.48%     66.22% |        2909      3.42%     69.64% |        3098      3.64%     73.29% |        2980      3.50%     76.79% |        2966      3.49%     80.28% |        2882      3.39%     83.67% |        2931      3.45%     87.12% |        2818      3.31%     90.43% |        2744      3.23%     93.66% |        2689      3.16%     96.82% |        2704      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        85025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          31      2.76%      2.76% |          24      2.13%      4.89% |          30      2.67%      7.56% |          31      2.76%     10.31% |          32      2.84%     13.16% |          34      3.02%     16.18% |          26      2.31%     18.49% |          26      2.31%     20.80% |          30      2.67%     23.47% |          21      1.87%     25.33% |          32      2.84%     28.18% |          39      3.47%     31.64% |          45      4.00%     35.64% |          48      4.27%     39.91% |          42      3.73%     43.64% |          29      2.58%     46.22% |          30      2.67%     48.89% |          33      2.93%     51.82% |          45      4.00%     55.82% |          36      3.20%     59.02% |          40      3.56%     62.58% |          43      3.82%     66.40% |          51      4.53%     70.93% |          36      3.20%     74.13% |          45      4.00%     78.13% |          42      3.73%     81.87% |          50      4.44%     86.31% |          53      4.71%     91.02% |          24      2.13%     93.16% |          23      2.04%     95.20% |          27      2.40%     97.60% |          27      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2502      3.14%      3.14% |        2366      2.97%      6.11% |        2346      2.94%      9.05% |        2301      2.89%     11.94% |        2345      2.94%     14.88% |        2232      2.80%     17.68% |        2217      2.78%     20.46% |        2273      2.85%     23.32% |        2411      3.03%     26.34% |        2307      2.89%     29.24% |        2398      3.01%     32.25% |        2421      3.04%     35.28% |        2590      3.25%     38.53% |        2491      3.13%     41.66% |        2491      3.13%     44.78% |        2550      3.20%     47.98% |        2575      3.23%     51.21% |        2551      3.20%     54.42% |        2636      3.31%     57.72% |        2581      3.24%     60.96% |        2635      3.31%     64.27% |        2664      3.34%     67.61% |        2692      3.38%     70.99% |        2654      3.33%     74.32% |        2676      3.36%     77.68% |        2626      3.30%     80.97% |        2591      3.25%     84.22% |        2501      3.14%     87.36% |        2524      3.17%     90.53% |        2534      3.18%     93.71% |        2532      3.18%     96.88% |        2483      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        79696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101188      8.79%      8.79% |       34230      2.97%     11.76% |       33302      2.89%     14.66% |       34589      3.00%     17.66% |       33905      2.95%     20.61% |       33271      2.89%     23.50% |       33023      2.87%     26.36% |       32611      2.83%     29.20% |       32664      2.84%     32.03% |       33180      2.88%     34.92% |       35000      3.04%     37.96% |       34584      3.00%     40.96% |       33637      2.92%     43.88% |       33269      2.89%     46.77% |       32485      2.82%     49.59% |       32053      2.78%     52.38% |       33044      2.87%     55.25% |       32630      2.83%     58.08% |       33185      2.88%     60.97% |       33428      2.90%     63.87% |       33436      2.90%     66.77% |       41298      3.59%     70.36% |       39757      3.45%     73.81% |       32106      2.79%     76.60% |       32256      2.80%     79.41% |       32998      2.87%     82.27% |       32705      2.84%     85.11% |       32635      2.83%     87.95% |       33472      2.91%     90.85% |       32687      2.84%     93.69% |       33466      2.91%     96.60% |       39128      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1151222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       27072      6.09%      6.09% |       13072      2.94%      9.03% |       13172      2.96%     12.00% |       14288      3.21%     15.21% |       13035      2.93%     18.14% |       12779      2.88%     21.02% |       12972      2.92%     23.94% |       12349      2.78%     26.72% |       12560      2.83%     29.54% |       12963      2.92%     32.46% |       13094      2.95%     35.40% |       12703      2.86%     38.26% |       12539      2.82%     41.08% |       12978      2.92%     44.00% |       12271      2.76%     46.76% |       12272      2.76%     49.53% |       12406      2.79%     52.32% |       12948      2.91%     55.23% |       13038      2.93%     58.16% |       13147      2.96%     61.12% |       13257      2.98%     64.10% |       19392      4.36%     68.47% |       14618      3.29%     71.76% |       12720      2.86%     74.62% |       13100      2.95%     77.57% |       12742      2.87%     80.43% |       13184      2.97%     83.40% |       13266      2.98%     86.38% |       13773      3.10%     89.48% |       13426      3.02%     92.50% |       16022      3.60%     96.11% |       17293      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       444451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44935      3.86%      3.86% |       36160      3.11%      6.96% |       36054      3.10%     10.06% |       35908      3.08%     13.14% |       35920      3.08%     16.23% |       35981      3.09%     19.32% |       36162      3.11%     22.42% |       36236      3.11%     25.54% |       36192      3.11%     28.64% |       36165      3.11%     31.75% |       36144      3.10%     34.85% |       36001      3.09%     37.94% |       35989      3.09%     41.03% |       36166      3.11%     44.14% |       36271      3.11%     47.26% |       36283      3.12%     50.37% |       36227      3.11%     53.48% |       36156      3.10%     56.59% |       36027      3.09%     59.68% |       35915      3.08%     62.76% |       35965      3.09%     65.85% |       36079      3.10%     68.95% |       36136      3.10%     72.05% |       36179      3.11%     75.16% |       36222      3.11%     78.27% |       36202      3.11%     81.38% |       36092      3.10%     84.48% |       35953      3.09%     87.57% |       36005      3.09%     90.66% |       36096      3.10%     93.76% |       36319      3.12%     96.88% |       36353      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1164493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39458      3.17%      3.17% |       39264      3.15%      6.32% |       39037      3.13%      9.45% |       38846      3.12%     12.57% |       38853      3.12%     15.69% |       39049      3.14%     18.83% |       39165      3.14%     21.97% |       39424      3.17%     25.14% |       39527      3.17%     28.31% |       39414      3.16%     31.47% |       39083      3.14%     34.61% |       38957      3.13%     37.74% |       38825      3.12%     40.86% |       38970      3.13%     43.99% |       38923      3.12%     47.11% |       39131      3.14%     50.25% |       39148      3.14%     53.39% |       38951      3.13%     56.52% |       38534      3.09%     59.62% |       38524      3.09%     62.71% |       38379      3.08%     65.79% |       38641      3.10%     68.89% |       38605      3.10%     71.99% |       38774      3.11%     75.10% |       38831      3.12%     78.22% |       38888      3.12%     81.34% |       38494      3.09%     84.43% |       38507      3.09%     87.53% |       38498      3.09%     90.62% |       38818      3.12%     93.73% |       38932      3.13%     96.86% |       39129      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1245579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1548      3.10%      3.10% |        1499      3.01%      6.11% |        1463      2.93%      9.05% |        1453      2.91%     11.96% |        1492      2.99%     14.95% |        1435      2.88%     17.83% |        1375      2.76%     20.59% |        1403      2.81%     23.40% |        1482      2.97%     26.37% |        1491      2.99%     29.36% |        1546      3.10%     32.46% |        1539      3.09%     35.55% |        1581      3.17%     38.72% |        1584      3.18%     41.90% |        1550      3.11%     45.01% |        1535      3.08%     48.09% |        1573      3.15%     51.24% |        1599      3.21%     54.45% |        1678      3.37%     57.81% |        1705      3.42%     61.23% |        1682      3.37%     64.61% |        1670      3.35%     67.95% |        1698      3.41%     71.36% |        1602      3.21%     74.57% |        1628      3.27%     77.84% |        1603      3.21%     81.05% |        1606      3.22%     84.27% |        1621      3.25%     87.53% |        1625      3.26%     90.78% |        1534      3.08%     93.86% |        1541      3.09%     96.95% |        1520      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        49861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           6     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      3.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     16.67%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           5     16.67%     73.33% |           4     13.33%     86.67% |           2      6.67%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213585      5.29%      5.29% |      123651      3.06%      8.36% |      122489      3.04%     11.39% |      124558      3.09%     14.48% |      122642      3.04%     17.52% |      121993      3.02%     20.54% |      122237      3.03%     23.57% |      121514      3.01%     26.59% |      121855      3.02%     29.61% |      122619      3.04%     32.65% |      124228      3.08%     35.72% |      123145      3.05%     38.78% |      121905      3.02%     41.80% |      122278      3.03%     44.83% |      120855      3.00%     47.82% |      120617      2.99%     50.81% |      121717      3.02%     53.83% |      121550      3.01%     56.84% |      121670      3.02%     59.86% |      121897      3.02%     62.88% |      121932      3.02%     65.90% |      136304      3.38%     69.28% |      130020      3.22%     72.50% |      120677      2.99%     75.49% |      121321      3.01%     78.50% |      121715      3.02%     81.52% |      121370      3.01%     84.53% |      121260      3.01%     87.53% |      122656      3.04%     90.57% |      121937      3.02%     93.59% |      125660      3.11%     96.71% |      132819      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4034676                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         532      3.18%      3.18% |         539      3.22%      6.40% |         514      3.07%      9.47% |         526      3.14%     12.61% |         542      3.24%     15.85% |         524      3.13%     18.98% |         474      2.83%     21.81% |         566      3.38%     25.20% |         516      3.08%     28.28% |         527      3.15%     31.43% |         518      3.09%     34.52% |         492      2.94%     37.46% |         541      3.23%     40.69% |         504      3.01%     43.71% |         480      2.87%     46.57% |         522      3.12%     49.69% |         533      3.18%     52.88% |         530      3.17%     56.04% |         525      3.14%     59.18% |         522      3.12%     62.30% |         542      3.24%     65.54% |         508      3.04%     68.57% |         518      3.09%     71.67% |         535      3.20%     74.86% |         542      3.24%     78.10% |         515      3.08%     81.18% |         508      3.04%     84.21% |         543      3.24%     87.46% |         530      3.17%     90.63% |         543      3.24%     93.87% |         494      2.95%     96.82% |         532      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        16737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2575      3.02%      3.02% |        2654      3.11%      6.13% |        2658      3.12%      9.25% |        2745      3.22%     12.47% |        2639      3.10%     15.56% |        2674      3.14%     18.70% |        2711      3.18%     21.88% |        2702      3.17%     25.05% |        2646      3.10%     28.15% |        2661      3.12%     31.27% |        2728      3.20%     34.47% |        2773      3.25%     37.72% |        2642      3.10%     40.82% |        2668      3.13%     43.95% |        2668      3.13%     47.08% |        2690      3.15%     50.24% |        2674      3.14%     53.37% |        2678      3.14%     56.51% |        2646      3.10%     59.62% |        2637      3.09%     62.71% |        2620      3.07%     65.78% |        2756      3.23%     69.01% |        2617      3.07%     72.08% |        2657      3.12%     75.20% |        2625      3.08%     78.28% |        2677      3.14%     81.42% |        2673      3.13%     84.55% |        2647      3.10%     87.66% |        2605      3.06%     90.71% |        2644      3.10%     93.81% |        2608      3.06%     96.87% |        2667      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        85265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18      8.74%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |           0      0.00%      8.74% |          48     23.30%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |          50     24.27%     56.31% |          44     21.36%     77.67% |          46     22.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          23      2.11%      2.11% |          28      2.56%      4.67% |          27      2.47%      7.14% |          31      2.84%      9.98% |          15      1.37%     11.36% |          17      1.56%     12.91% |          27      2.47%     15.38% |          16      1.47%     16.85% |          24      2.20%     19.05% |          39      3.57%     22.62% |          70      6.41%     29.03% |          29      2.66%     31.68% |          32      2.93%     34.62% |          20      1.83%     36.45% |          30      2.75%     39.19% |          37      3.39%     42.58% |          42      3.85%     46.43% |          32      2.93%     49.36% |          28      2.56%     51.92% |          29      2.66%     54.58% |          23      2.11%     56.68% |         151     13.83%     70.51% |          56      5.13%     75.64% |          53      4.85%     80.49% |          39      3.57%     84.07% |          23      2.11%     86.17% |          37      3.39%     89.56% |          28      2.56%     92.12% |          17      1.56%     93.68% |          20      1.83%     95.51% |          25      2.29%     97.80% |          24      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1092                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          16      2.30%      2.30% |          12      1.73%      4.03% |          18      2.59%      6.62% |          21      3.02%      9.64% |          21      3.02%     12.66% |          21      3.02%     15.68% |          14      2.01%     17.70% |          14      2.01%     19.71% |          15      2.16%     21.87% |          23      3.31%     25.18% |          13      1.87%     27.05% |          22      3.17%     30.22% |          22      3.17%     33.38% |          23      3.31%     36.69% |          21      3.02%     39.71% |          27      3.88%     43.60% |          23      3.31%     46.91% |          24      3.45%     50.36% |          15      2.16%     52.52% |          23      3.31%     55.83% |          80     11.51%     67.34% |          25      3.60%     70.94% |          19      2.73%     73.67% |          37      5.32%     78.99% |          30      4.32%     83.31% |          20      2.88%     86.19% |          19      2.73%     88.92% |          16      2.30%     91.22% |          14      2.01%     93.24% |          25      3.60%     96.83% |          12      1.73%     98.56% |          10      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      1.96%      1.96% |           8      5.23%      7.19% |           3      1.96%      9.15% |           4      2.61%     11.76% |           6      3.92%     15.69% |           7      4.58%     20.26% |           5      3.27%     23.53% |           4      2.61%     26.14% |           2      1.31%     27.45% |           9      5.88%     33.33% |           4      2.61%     35.95% |           5      3.27%     39.22% |           3      1.96%     41.18% |           2      1.31%     42.48% |           4      2.61%     45.10% |           5      3.27%     48.37% |           6      3.92%     52.29% |           3      1.96%     54.25% |           3      1.96%     56.21% |           7      4.58%     60.78% |           9      5.88%     66.67% |           4      2.61%     69.28% |           5      3.27%     72.55% |           6      3.92%     76.47% |           7      4.58%     81.05% |           6      3.92%     84.97% |           7      4.58%     89.54% |           2      1.31%     90.85% |           2      1.31%     92.16% |           4      2.61%     94.77% |           5      3.27%     98.04% |           3      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       90092      3.48%      3.48% |       81007      3.12%      6.60% |       80632      3.11%      9.71% |       80350      3.10%     12.81% |       80321      3.10%     15.91% |       80485      3.10%     19.01% |       80753      3.11%     22.13% |       81223      3.13%     25.26% |       81314      3.14%     28.40% |       81097      3.13%     31.52% |       80894      3.12%     34.64% |       80666      3.11%     37.76% |       80611      3.11%     40.86% |       80821      3.12%     43.98% |       80856      3.12%     47.10% |       81198      3.13%     50.23% |       81180      3.13%     53.36% |       80888      3.12%     56.48% |       80391      3.10%     59.58% |       80201      3.09%     62.68% |       80163      3.09%     65.77% |       80672      3.11%     68.88% |       80590      3.11%     71.99% |       80821      3.12%     75.11% |       80920      3.12%     78.23% |       80930      3.12%     81.35% |       80381      3.10%     84.45% |       80172      3.09%     87.54% |       80184      3.09%     90.64% |       80657      3.11%     93.75% |       80907      3.12%     96.87% |       81188      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2592565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           0      0.00%      3.90% |           2      2.60%      6.49% |           6      7.79%     14.29% |           4      5.19%     19.48% |           3      3.90%     23.38% |           3      3.90%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           3      3.90%     32.47% |           3      3.90%     36.36% |           3      3.90%     40.26% |           2      2.60%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           3      3.90%     48.05% |           2      2.60%     50.65% |           2      2.60%     53.25% |           1      1.30%     54.55% |           2      2.60%     57.14% |           3      3.90%     61.04% |           4      5.19%     66.23% |           1      1.30%     67.53% |           0      0.00%     67.53% |           3      3.90%     71.43% |           5      6.49%     77.92% |           3      3.90%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           1      1.30%     88.31% |           1      1.30%     89.61% |           1      1.30%     90.91% |           4      5.19%     96.10% |           2      2.60%     98.70% |           1      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         585      3.49%      3.49% |         537      3.21%      6.70% |         513      3.06%      9.77% |         524      3.13%     12.89% |         541      3.23%     16.13% |         523      3.12%     19.25% |         473      2.83%     22.07% |         564      3.37%     25.44% |         515      3.08%     28.52% |         526      3.14%     31.66% |         515      3.08%     34.74% |         490      2.93%     37.66% |         541      3.23%     40.89% |         503      3.00%     43.90% |         479      2.86%     46.76% |         521      3.11%     49.87% |         533      3.18%     53.06% |         528      3.15%     56.21% |         524      3.13%     59.34% |         521      3.11%     62.45% |         540      3.23%     65.68% |         505      3.02%     68.69% |         515      3.08%     71.77% |         532      3.18%     74.94% |         540      3.23%     78.17% |         513      3.06%     81.23% |         508      3.03%     84.27% |         542      3.24%     87.51% |         527      3.15%     90.65% |         542      3.24%     93.89% |         494      2.95%     96.84% |         529      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        16743                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.77%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           1      1.92%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           1      1.92%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           1      1.92%     28.85% |           2      3.85%     32.69% |           3      5.77%     38.46% |           2      3.85%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      1.92%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           1      1.92%     48.08% |           0      0.00%     48.08% |           2      3.85%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           1      1.92%     55.77% |           2      3.85%     59.62% |           3      5.77%     65.38% |           3      5.77%     71.15% |           4      7.69%     78.85% |           2      3.85%     82.69% |           2      3.85%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           3      5.77%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           3      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           1      2.70%      2.70% |           1      2.70%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           1      2.70%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |           2      5.41%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           1      2.70%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           1      2.70%     18.92% |           1      2.70%     21.62% |          26     70.27%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           1      2.70%     94.59% |           1      2.70%     97.30% |           0      0.00%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     17.86%     17.86% |          46     82.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          14      3.78%      3.78% |          17      4.59%      8.38% |          13      3.51%     11.89% |          15      4.05%     15.95% |          14      3.78%     19.73% |          13      3.51%     23.24% |          13      3.51%     26.76% |           7      1.89%     28.65% |          12      3.24%     31.89% |           7      1.89%     33.78% |          10      2.70%     36.49% |          13      3.51%     40.00% |           7      1.89%     41.89% |          13      3.51%     45.41% |           7      1.89%     47.30% |          13      3.51%     50.81% |           7      1.89%     52.70% |           8      2.16%     54.86% |           8      2.16%     57.03% |          17      4.59%     61.62% |          13      3.51%     65.14% |          11      2.97%     68.11% |          11      2.97%     71.08% |          10      2.70%     73.78% |          13      3.51%     77.30% |          12      3.24%     80.54% |          10      2.70%     83.24% |          22      5.95%     89.19% |           6      1.62%     90.81% |          12      3.24%     94.05% |          14      3.78%     97.84% |           8      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         602      3.03%      3.03% |         608      3.06%      6.09% |         618      3.11%      9.21% |         634      3.19%     12.40% |         621      3.13%     15.53% |         615      3.10%     18.62% |         580      2.92%     21.55% |         583      2.94%     24.48% |         627      3.16%     27.64% |         568      2.86%     30.50% |         591      2.98%     33.48% |         656      3.30%     36.78% |         635      3.20%     39.98% |         630      3.17%     43.15% |         592      2.98%     46.13% |         636      3.20%     49.34% |         638      3.21%     52.55% |         619      3.12%     55.67% |         644      3.24%     58.91% |         650      3.27%     62.18% |         670      3.37%     65.56% |         708      3.57%     69.12% |         567      2.86%     71.98% |         621      3.13%     75.11% |         590      2.97%     78.08% |         627      3.16%     81.23% |         614      3.09%     84.33% |         624      3.14%     87.47% |         635      3.20%     90.67% |         641      3.23%     93.90% |         583      2.94%     96.83% |         629      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        19856                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           9      2.63%      2.63% |          15      4.39%      7.02% |          13      3.80%     10.82% |          16      4.68%     15.50% |          15      4.39%     19.88% |          12      3.51%     23.39% |          11      3.22%     26.61% |           7      2.05%     28.65% |          11      3.22%     31.87% |          10      2.92%     34.80% |          10      2.92%     37.72% |          16      4.68%     42.40% |           6      1.75%     44.15% |          11      3.22%     47.37% |           7      2.05%     49.42% |          11      3.22%     52.63% |           8      2.34%     54.97% |           5      1.46%     56.43% |           9      2.63%     59.06% |          18      5.26%     64.33% |          13      3.80%     68.13% |           5      1.46%     69.59% |          10      2.92%     72.51% |          11      3.22%     75.73% |          10      2.92%     78.65% |          14      4.09%     82.75% |           7      2.05%     84.80% |          15      4.39%     89.18% |           9      2.63%     91.81% |          11      3.22%     95.03% |          11      3.22%     98.25% |           6      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          342                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1964      3.02%      3.02% |        2031      3.12%      6.14% |        2027      3.12%      9.26% |        2095      3.22%     12.47% |        2003      3.08%     15.55% |        2047      3.15%     18.70% |        2120      3.26%     21.96% |        2112      3.25%     25.20% |        2008      3.09%     28.29% |        2083      3.20%     31.49% |        2127      3.27%     34.76% |        2101      3.23%     37.99% |        2001      3.08%     41.06% |        2027      3.12%     44.18% |        2069      3.18%     47.36% |        2043      3.14%     50.50% |        2028      3.12%     53.62% |        2054      3.16%     56.77% |        1993      3.06%     59.84% |        1969      3.03%     62.86% |        1937      2.98%     65.84% |        2043      3.14%     68.98% |        2040      3.14%     72.11% |        2025      3.11%     75.23% |        2025      3.11%     78.34% |        2036      3.13%     81.47% |        2052      3.15%     84.62% |        2008      3.09%     87.71% |        1961      3.01%     90.72% |        1992      3.06%     93.78% |        2014      3.10%     96.88% |        2032      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        65067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           1      4.55%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           2      9.09%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2      9.09%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2098      3.13%      3.13% |        1960      2.92%      6.06% |        1978      2.95%      9.01% |        1907      2.85%     11.85% |        1961      2.93%     14.78% |        1852      2.76%     17.54% |        1877      2.80%     20.34% |        1850      2.76%     23.11% |        1984      2.96%     26.07% |        1913      2.85%     28.92% |        2057      3.07%     31.99% |        1992      2.97%     34.96% |        2082      3.11%     38.07% |        2050      3.06%     41.13% |        2137      3.19%     44.32% |        2149      3.21%     47.53% |        2185      3.26%     50.79% |        2119      3.16%     53.95% |        2282      3.41%     57.35% |        2216      3.31%     60.66% |        2296      3.43%     64.09% |        2255      3.37%     67.45% |        2358      3.52%     70.97% |        2304      3.44%     74.41% |        2276      3.40%     77.81% |        2151      3.21%     81.02% |        2213      3.30%     84.32% |        2131      3.18%     87.50% |        2186      3.26%     90.76% |        2053      3.06%     93.82% |        2117      3.16%     96.98% |        2021      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        67010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2502      3.14%      3.14% |        2366      2.97%      6.11% |        2346      2.94%      9.05% |        2301      2.89%     11.94% |        2345      2.94%     14.88% |        2232      2.80%     17.68% |        2217      2.78%     20.46% |        2273      2.85%     23.32% |        2411      3.03%     26.34% |        2307      2.89%     29.24% |        2398      3.01%     32.25% |        2421      3.04%     35.28% |        2590      3.25%     38.53% |        2491      3.13%     41.66% |        2491      3.13%     44.78% |        2550      3.20%     47.98% |        2575      3.23%     51.21% |        2551      3.20%     54.42% |        2636      3.31%     57.72% |        2581      3.24%     60.96% |        2635      3.31%     64.27% |        2664      3.34%     67.61% |        2692      3.38%     70.99% |        2654      3.33%     74.32% |        2676      3.36%     77.68% |        2626      3.30%     80.97% |        2591      3.25%     84.22% |        2501      3.14%     87.36% |        2524      3.17%     90.53% |        2534      3.18%     93.71% |        2532      3.18%     96.88% |        2483      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        79696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         449      2.99%      2.99% |         418      2.78%      5.78% |         436      2.90%      8.68% |         402      2.68%     11.36% |         382      2.54%     13.90% |         375      2.50%     16.40% |         392      2.61%     19.01% |         400      2.66%     21.68% |         426      2.84%     24.51% |         399      2.66%     27.17% |         409      2.72%     29.90% |         416      2.77%     32.67% |         443      2.95%     35.62% |         428      2.85%     38.47% |         479      3.19%     41.66% |         556      3.70%     45.36% |         541      3.60%     48.97% |         500      3.33%     52.30% |         522      3.48%     55.78% |         462      3.08%     58.85% |         542      3.61%     62.46% |         533      3.55%     66.01% |         558      3.72%     69.73% |         630      4.20%     73.93% |         565      3.76%     77.69% |         512      3.41%     81.10% |         533      3.55%     84.65% |         459      3.06%     87.71% |         472      3.14%     90.85% |         469      3.12%     93.98% |         460      3.06%     97.04% |         444      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        15012                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52476      3.76%      3.76% |       43649      3.13%      6.89% |       43376      3.11%     10.00% |       43236      3.10%     13.09% |       43180      3.09%     16.19% |       43356      3.11%     19.30% |       43481      3.12%     22.41% |       43764      3.14%     25.55% |       43849      3.14%     28.69% |       43813      3.14%     31.83% |       43586      3.12%     34.95% |       43413      3.11%     38.06% |       43210      3.10%     41.16% |       43392      3.11%     44.27% |       43335      3.11%     47.37% |       43502      3.12%     50.49% |       43563      3.12%     53.61% |       43381      3.11%     56.72% |       42989      3.08%     59.80% |       43014      3.08%     62.88% |       42798      3.07%     65.95% |       43194      3.10%     69.05% |       43180      3.09%     72.14% |       43231      3.10%     75.24% |       43312      3.10%     78.34% |       43360      3.11%     81.45% |       42961      3.08%     84.53% |       42964      3.08%     87.61% |       42921      3.08%     90.68% |       43180      3.09%     93.78% |       43322      3.10%     96.88% |       43529      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1395517                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         955      3.10%      3.10% |         868      2.82%      5.92% |         888      2.88%      8.80% |         850      2.76%     11.56% |         856      2.78%     14.34% |         804      2.61%     16.95% |         858      2.79%     19.74% |         891      2.89%     22.63% |         948      3.08%     25.71% |         850      2.76%     28.47% |         891      2.89%     31.36% |         909      2.95%     34.31% |        1036      3.36%     37.68% |         939      3.05%     40.73% |         980      3.18%     43.91% |        1062      3.45%     47.36% |        1048      3.40%     50.76% |        1026      3.33%     54.09% |        1041      3.38%     57.47% |         941      3.06%     60.52% |        1002      3.25%     63.78% |        1035      3.36%     67.14% |        1029      3.34%     70.48% |        1081      3.51%     73.99% |        1079      3.50%     77.49% |        1068      3.47%     80.96% |        1035      3.36%     84.32% |         915      2.97%     87.29% |         927      3.01%     90.30% |        1018      3.31%     93.61% |        1000      3.25%     96.85% |         969      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        30799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37685      3.14%      3.14% |       37514      3.13%      6.27% |       37392      3.12%      9.39% |       37288      3.11%     12.50% |       37309      3.11%     15.61% |       37349      3.11%     18.73% |       37438      3.12%     21.85% |       37592      3.14%     24.98% |       37541      3.13%     28.12% |       37458      3.12%     31.24% |       37441      3.12%     34.36% |       37368      3.12%     37.48% |       37389      3.12%     40.60% |       37514      3.13%     43.73% |       37565      3.13%     46.86% |       37658      3.14%     50.00% |       37592      3.14%     53.13% |       37505      3.13%     56.26% |       37385      3.12%     59.38% |       37270      3.11%     62.49% |       37387      3.12%     65.61% |       37467      3.12%     68.73% |       37404      3.12%     71.85% |       37533      3.13%     74.98% |       37553      3.13%     78.11% |       37525      3.13%     81.24% |       37409      3.12%     84.36% |       37317      3.11%     87.48% |       37360      3.12%     90.59% |       37483      3.13%     93.72% |       37609      3.14%     96.85% |       37714      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1199014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          50      2.26%      2.26% |          70      3.17%      5.43% |          55      2.49%      7.91% |          52      2.35%     10.27% |          76      3.44%     13.70% |          63      2.85%     16.55% |          46      2.08%     18.63% |          51      2.31%     20.94% |          47      2.13%     23.07% |          50      2.26%     25.33% |          70      3.17%     28.49% |          76      3.44%     31.93% |          70      3.17%     35.10% |          69      3.12%     38.22% |          70      3.17%     41.38% |          63      2.85%     44.23% |          65      2.94%     47.17% |          60      2.71%     49.89% |          75      3.39%     53.28% |          87      3.93%     57.21% |          58      2.62%     59.84% |          89      4.03%     63.86% |          91      4.12%     67.98% |          75      3.39%     71.37% |          89      4.03%     75.40% |          78      3.53%     78.92% |          79      3.57%     82.50% |         101      4.57%     87.06% |          62      2.80%     89.87% |          85      3.84%     93.71% |          71      3.21%     96.92% |          68      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          72      2.59%      2.59% |          62      2.23%      4.81% |          61      2.19%      7.00% |          66      2.37%      9.37% |          72      2.59%     11.96% |          76      2.73%     14.69% |          80      2.87%     17.56% |          79      2.84%     20.39% |          83      2.98%     23.38% |         100      3.59%     26.97% |          65      2.33%     29.30% |          57      2.05%     31.35% |         102      3.66%     35.01% |          83      2.98%     37.99% |         105      3.77%     41.76% |         115      4.13%     45.89% |          86      3.09%     48.98% |          94      3.38%     52.35% |          83      2.98%     55.33% |          84      3.02%     58.35% |         109      3.91%     62.26% |         148      5.31%     67.58% |          80      2.87%     70.45% |         133      4.78%     75.22% |         109      3.91%     79.14% |          81      2.91%     82.05% |          82      2.94%     84.99% |          77      2.76%     87.76% |          77      2.76%     90.52% |          86      3.09%     93.61% |          90      3.23%     96.84% |          88      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           2     13.33%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218427      5.21%      5.21% |      128465      3.07%      8.28% |      127242      3.04%     11.32% |      129401      3.09%     14.40% |      127432      3.04%     17.44% |      126755      3.03%     20.47% |      126914      3.03%     23.50% |      126316      3.01%     26.51% |      126614      3.02%     29.53% |      127414      3.04%     32.58% |      129121      3.08%     35.66% |      128068      3.06%     38.71% |      126775      3.03%     41.74% |      127153      3.03%     44.77% |      125656      3.00%     47.77% |      125485      2.99%     50.77% |      126605      3.02%     53.79% |      126464      3.02%     56.81% |      126598      3.02%     59.83% |      126859      3.03%     62.85% |      126878      3.03%     65.88% |      141351      3.37%     69.26% |      134961      3.22%     72.48% |      125590      3.00%     75.47% |      126226      3.01%     78.49% |      126625      3.02%     81.51% |      126264      3.01%     84.52% |      126186      3.01%     87.53% |      127528      3.04%     90.58% |      126777      3.03%     93.60% |      130420      3.11%     96.71% |      137664      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4190234                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3     23.08%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          24      2.45%      2.45% |          20      2.04%      4.49% |          25      2.55%      7.04% |          26      2.65%      9.69% |          28      2.86%     12.55% |          30      3.06%     15.61% |          22      2.24%     17.86% |          20      2.04%     19.90% |          27      2.76%     22.65% |          18      1.84%     24.49% |          27      2.76%     27.24% |          33      3.37%     30.61% |          37      3.78%     34.39% |          43      4.39%     38.78% |          36      3.67%     42.45% |          23      2.35%     44.80% |          26      2.65%     47.45% |          26      2.65%     50.10% |          38      3.88%     53.98% |          31      3.16%     57.14% |          37      3.78%     60.92% |          40      4.08%     65.00% |          48      4.90%     69.90% |          29      2.96%     72.86% |          43      4.39%     77.24% |          38      3.88%     81.12% |          49      5.00%     86.12% |          48      4.90%     91.02% |          19      1.94%     92.96% |          23      2.35%     95.31% |          23      2.35%     97.65% |          23      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1469      3.16%      3.16% |        1439      3.10%      6.26% |        1346      2.90%      9.15% |        1358      2.92%     12.07% |        1416      3.05%     15.12% |        1360      2.93%     18.05% |        1248      2.68%     20.73% |        1295      2.79%     23.52% |        1311      2.82%     26.34% |        1377      2.96%     29.30% |        1412      3.04%     32.34% |        1448      3.12%     35.45% |        1509      3.25%     38.70% |        1514      3.26%     41.96% |        1437      3.09%     45.05% |        1426      3.07%     48.12% |        1459      3.14%     51.25% |        1504      3.24%     54.49% |        1589      3.42%     57.91% |        1631      3.51%     61.42% |        1479      3.18%     64.60% |        1548      3.33%     67.93% |        1576      3.39%     71.32% |        1503      3.23%     74.55% |        1522      3.27%     77.83% |        1484      3.19%     81.02% |        1502      3.23%     84.25% |        1537      3.31%     87.56% |        1489      3.20%     90.76% |        1448      3.12%     93.88% |        1426      3.07%     96.95% |        1420      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        46482                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          79      2.34%      2.34% |          60      1.78%      4.12% |         117      3.47%      7.59% |          95      2.82%     10.40% |          76      2.25%     12.66% |          75      2.22%     14.88% |         127      3.76%     18.64% |         108      3.20%     21.84% |         171      5.07%     26.91% |         114      3.38%     30.29% |         134      3.97%     34.26% |          91      2.70%     36.96% |          72      2.13%     39.09% |          70      2.07%     41.17% |         113      3.35%     44.52% |         109      3.23%     47.75% |         114      3.38%     51.13% |          95      2.82%     53.94% |          89      2.64%     56.58% |          74      2.19%     58.77% |         203      6.02%     64.79% |         120      3.56%     68.35% |         122      3.62%     71.96% |          99      2.93%     74.90% |         106      3.14%     78.04% |         119      3.53%     81.56% |         103      3.05%     84.62% |          84      2.49%     87.11% |         136      4.03%     91.14% |          86      2.55%     93.69% |         115      3.41%     97.10% |          98      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          79      2.34%      2.34% |          60      1.78%      4.12% |         117      3.47%      7.59% |          95      2.82%     10.40% |          76      2.25%     12.66% |          75      2.22%     14.88% |         127      3.76%     18.64% |         108      3.20%     21.84% |         171      5.07%     26.91% |         114      3.38%     30.29% |         134      3.97%     34.26% |          91      2.70%     36.96% |          72      2.13%     39.09% |          70      2.07%     41.17% |         113      3.35%     44.52% |         109      3.23%     47.75% |         114      3.38%     51.13% |          95      2.82%     53.94% |          89      2.64%     56.58% |          74      2.19%     58.77% |         203      6.02%     64.79% |         120      3.56%     68.35% |         122      3.62%     71.96% |          99      2.93%     74.90% |         106      3.14%     78.04% |         119      3.53%     81.56% |         103      3.05%     84.62% |          84      2.49%     87.11% |         136      4.03%     91.14% |          86      2.55%     93.69% |         115      3.41%     97.10% |          98      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      4.92%      4.92% |           2      3.28%      8.20% |           0      0.00%      8.20% |           2      3.28%     11.48% |           3      4.92%     16.39% |           3      4.92%     21.31% |           2      3.28%     24.59% |           0      0.00%     24.59% |           2      3.28%     27.87% |           2      3.28%     31.15% |           2      3.28%     34.43% |           4      6.56%     40.98% |           2      3.28%     44.26% |           1      1.64%     45.90% |           2      3.28%     49.18% |           1      1.64%     50.82% |           2      3.28%     54.10% |           2      3.28%     57.38% |           4      6.56%     63.93% |           2      3.28%     67.21% |           3      4.92%     72.13% |           1      1.64%     73.77% |           2      3.28%     77.05% |           1      1.64%     78.69% |           2      3.28%     81.97% |           4      6.56%     88.52% |           1      1.64%     90.16% |           2      3.28%     93.44% |           1      1.64%     95.08% |           1      1.64%     96.72% |           2      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           61                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1469      3.16%      3.16% |        1439      3.10%      6.26% |        1346      2.90%      9.15% |        1358      2.92%     12.07% |        1416      3.05%     15.12% |        1360      2.93%     18.04% |        1248      2.68%     20.73% |        1295      2.79%     23.51% |        1311      2.82%     26.33% |        1377      2.96%     29.30% |        1412      3.04%     32.33% |        1448      3.11%     35.45% |        1509      3.25%     38.69% |        1514      3.26%     41.95% |        1437      3.09%     45.04% |        1426      3.07%     48.11% |        1459      3.14%     51.25% |        1504      3.24%     54.48% |        1589      3.42%     57.90% |        1631      3.51%     61.41% |        1479      3.18%     64.59% |        1550      3.33%     67.93% |        1576      3.39%     71.32% |        1503      3.23%     74.55% |        1522      3.27%     77.82% |        1484      3.19%     81.02% |        1503      3.23%     84.25% |        1537      3.31%     87.56% |        1489      3.20%     90.76% |        1448      3.11%     93.87% |        1426      3.07%     96.94% |        1422      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        46487                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      462239     19.42%     19.42% |     1190223     50.00%     69.42% |       91188      3.83%     73.25% |       96700      4.06%     77.31% |       88591      3.72%     81.03% |       94254      3.96%     84.99% |       91120      3.83%     88.82% |       98672      4.15%     92.97% |       82024      3.45%     96.41% |       85435      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2380446                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      462239     19.42%     19.42% |     1190223     50.00%     69.42% |       91188      3.83%     73.25% |       96700      4.06%     77.31% |       88591      3.72%     81.03% |       94254      3.96%     84.99% |       91120      3.83%     88.82% |       98672      4.15%     92.97% |       82024      3.45%     96.41% |       85435      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2380446                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      462239     19.42%     19.42% |     1190223     50.00%     69.42% |       91188      3.83%     73.25% |       96700      4.06%     77.31% |       88591      3.72%     81.03% |       94254      3.96%     84.99% |       91120      3.83%     88.82% |       98672      4.15%     92.97% |       82024      3.45%     96.41% |       85435      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2380446                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      462239     19.42%     19.42% |     1190223     50.00%     69.42% |       91188      3.83%     73.25% |       96700      4.06%     77.31% |       88591      3.72%     81.03% |       94254      3.96%     84.99% |       91120      3.83%     88.82% |       98672      4.15%     92.97% |       82024      3.45%     96.41% |       85435      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2380446                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
