
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037980                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37980383000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214148461500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57375                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49980176                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4761048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   759.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24233452                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43599704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130826274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130826274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104392418                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104392418                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235218692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           235218692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77638                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77638                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      121                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  37979903500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77638                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.326685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.156949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.911642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27114     51.41%     51.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12951     24.55%     75.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7719     14.63%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1927      3.65%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1118      2.12%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          587      1.11%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          422      0.80%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          315      0.60%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          592      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.729645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.597083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11527     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.371543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.294604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.135349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11029     95.63%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           419      3.63%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           55      0.48%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           30      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1896976399                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3352276399                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24440.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43190.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272083.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8704153000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28001951500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199077480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199629360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108623625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108924750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305112600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300144000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199525680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201845520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15147457875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14697135360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9497037000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9892056750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27937081380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27879982860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          735.693569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.189940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128544675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128544675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102319769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102319769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230864444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230864444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      152                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  37979664500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.864236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.044887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.706628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25646     50.57%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12515     24.68%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7575     14.94%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1900      3.75%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1126      2.22%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          585      1.15%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      0.85%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          313      0.62%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          620      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.747943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.940011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11298     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.372114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.291639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.163766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10830     95.82%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           373      3.30%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           81      0.72%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1853826593                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3283926593                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24305.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43055.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33513                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277213.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9057944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27648315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              192893400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190421280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105249375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              103900500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300682200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294052200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195987600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197387280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15035670045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14294786895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9595096500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10244994000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27905826240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27805789275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          734.870498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.236130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128510974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128510974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102302918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102302918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230813891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230813891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76264                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      108                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  37980152500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.670752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.085433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.922816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25627     50.49%     50.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12558     24.74%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7621     15.02%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1870      3.68%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1108      2.18%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          634      1.25%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          431      0.85%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          302      0.60%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          604      1.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.726751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.964185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11329     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.356361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.282325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.106188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10869     95.90%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           379      3.34%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           68      0.60%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           18      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1788305176                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3217955176                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23453.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42203.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33456                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277277.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9043583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27662211500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              192333960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191343600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              104944125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104403750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300495000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294083400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195922800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197439120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14922430425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14425907130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9694429500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10129976250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27890802930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27823400370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.474875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          732.699900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4857984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4857984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127907715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127907715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102137780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102137780                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    230045495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           230045495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75907                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60613                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75907                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60613                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4857472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      119                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  37979641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75907                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60613                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.540638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.272158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.784208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25438     50.54%     50.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12430     24.69%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7409     14.72%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1926      3.83%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1154      2.29%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          593      1.18%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          454      0.90%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          308      0.61%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          623      1.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.694099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.932498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11331     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.346300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.089681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10898     96.13%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           354      3.12%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           65      0.57%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           20      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1791783895                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3214871395                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23607.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42357.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52540                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33627                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278198.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9040944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27665005500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190428840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190088640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              103904625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103719000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298521600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293334600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195469200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197257680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14877306945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14388191370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9734011500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10163060250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27879889830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27815898660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.187490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.502350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7139504                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.933281                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.731957                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                17.779369                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7102183     99.48%     99.48% |       34154      0.48%     99.96% |        1793      0.03%     99.98% |         897      0.01%     99.99% |         296      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7139504                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16428444                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.944416                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.712987                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.111343                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14975050     91.15%     91.15% |     1408247      8.57%     99.73% |       35187      0.21%     99.94% |        5893      0.04%     99.98% |        1949      0.01%     99.99% |        1117      0.01%     99.99% |         588      0.00%    100.00% |         334      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16428444                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16428441                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.456572                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.103841                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.116305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16341104     99.47%     99.47% |       70486      0.43%     99.90% |       12463      0.08%     99.97% |        3240      0.02%     99.99% |         770      0.00%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16428441                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14965738                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001487                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001269                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.040496                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14944469     99.86%     99.86% |       20458      0.14%     99.99% |         639      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14965738                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1462703                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        120.428434                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       100.811924                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        96.426241                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1375366     94.03%     94.03% |       70486      4.82%     98.85% |       12463      0.85%     99.70% |        3240      0.22%     99.92% |         770      0.05%     99.97% |         273      0.02%     99.99% |          81      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1462703                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         546815                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       546815                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8521128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8810179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5723544                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5846647                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       587500                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15947                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       247323                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318885                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39907                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        88667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       221722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17037                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131335                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       230668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16510                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        88909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       223028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17132                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135033                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       228918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        16067                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       129207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       219294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        16622                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       235774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16589                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        82524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       121546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       204070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16329                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        78158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       129948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       208106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16452                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        74177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        26053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        46313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        26014                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        26402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18659                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        26106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        26069                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        26015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        26412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        26037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44544                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        26006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        44449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18038                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        44018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        26024                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        26016                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        43477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26360                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        26018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        26004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        45166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        26018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        46211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        26006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        48103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        26023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        44387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        26002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        26010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        43217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        44278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        26102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         4651                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8282639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8282639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8492160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8282638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4286099                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4274774                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8282638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.109038                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5792659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5792659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6011265                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5792659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3702714                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3678267                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5792659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.076259                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4255641                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4255641                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4440841                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4255641                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1986181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1980869                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4255641                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.056024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3792414                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3792414                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3911982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3792414                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1881232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1877594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3792414                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.049926                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4508467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4508467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4780575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4508467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2334005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2324735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4508467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.059353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3898083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3898083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4026765                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3898083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1974495                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1971075                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3898083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.051317                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4491021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4491021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4630449                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4491021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1974749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1971525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4491021                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059123                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3833456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1809149                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1805962                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.048974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2777671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2777671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2850417                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2777671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1340902                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1338787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2777671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036567                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3482788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3482788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3608043                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3482788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1758441                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1754652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3482788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045850                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1660653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1660653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1683426                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1660653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       800574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       799741                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1660653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021862                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1197937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1197937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1201246                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1197937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       576137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       575809                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1197937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015770                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1548523                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1548523                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1554889                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1548523                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       815327                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       814943                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1548523                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020386                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1215846                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1215846                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1219997                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1215846                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       587952                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       587626                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1215846                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.016006                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       736770                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       736770                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       740012                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       736770                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       358836                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       358686                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       736770                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009699                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1016797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1016797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1021917                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1016797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476993                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1016797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013386                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1409081                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1409081                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1415992                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1409081                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       614678                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       614477                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1409081                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018550                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1126238                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1126238                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1131781                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1126238                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       524204                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       524018                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1126238                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014827                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1020110                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1020110                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1027195                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1020110                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       467491                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       467278                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1020110                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       628259                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       628259                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       631094                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       628259                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295231                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       294955                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       628259                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       670099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       670099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       671382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       670099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       360489                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       360259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       670099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008822                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       873312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       873312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       876849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       873312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       475928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       475620                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       873312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011497                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       728990                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       728990                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       730900                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       728990                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       379207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       378962                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       728990                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009597                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       420599                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       420599                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       420599                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       420599                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205502                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205323                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       420599                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005537                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       624907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       624907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626151                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       624907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       312491                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312287                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       624907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008227                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       842851                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       842851                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       846352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       842851                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       456015                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       455683                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       842851                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       718353                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       718353                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       720203                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       718353                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368287                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368049                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       718353                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009457                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       208999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       208815                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005682                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3073025                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3073025                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3118004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3073025                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1397735                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1397009                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3073025                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.040455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2454071                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2454071                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2478383                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2454071                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1098644                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1098055                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2454071                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.032307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2647644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2647644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2680742                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2647644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1173770                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1173096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2647644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034855                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2505414                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2505414                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2538289                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2505414                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1132212                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1131494                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2505414                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032983                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5282915     28.04%     28.04% |    11448984     60.76%     88.80% |     2110150     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18842049                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5282917     28.04%     28.04% |    11448985     60.76%     88.80% |     2110150     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18842052                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   142225331                       |   290859700                       |    51243979                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19209818                       |    46977406                       |     2173540                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.921753                       |   25.404848                       |   24.284520                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.636216                       |    4.103194                       |    1.030041                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.704689                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.628096                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.332785                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003906                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080906      6.72%      6.72% |    0.080448      6.69%     13.41% |    0.080786      6.71%     20.13% |    0.080209      6.67%     26.79% |    0.183428     15.25%     42.04% |    0.183247     15.23%     57.27% |    0.183159     15.22%     72.49% |    0.183134     15.22%     87.71% |    0.036965      3.07%     90.78% |    0.036969      3.07%     93.86% |    0.036969      3.07%     96.93% |    0.036961      3.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.203181                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029848                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022043                       |    0.000002                       |    0.011725                       |    0.011505                       |    0.011743                       |    0.011763                       |    0.011369                       |    0.012050                       |    0.010420                       |    0.011470                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005043                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002593                       |    0.002662                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002558                       |    0.002530                       |    0.002579                       |    0.002716                       |    0.002774                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002641                       |    0.002552                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002681                       |    0.002626                       |    0.002624                       |    0.002597                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002793                       |    0.002582                       |    0.002546                       |    0.002610                       |    0.002628                       |    0.002566                       |    0.002642                       |    0.002609                       |    0.002659                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002894                       |    0.006112                       |    0.006001                       |    0.005999                       |    0.005971                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.004063                       |    0.011309                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000976                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000979                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000993                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000816                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003031                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002891                       |    0.002573                       |    0.009010                       |    0.003030                       |    0.000780                       |    0.004088                       |    0.013635                       |    0.006024                       |           0                       |    0.003046                       |    0.004968                       |           0                       |    0.010798                       |    0.015260                       |    0.006384                       |    0.009524                       |    0.003015                       |    0.000901                       |    0.013911                       |    0.014967                       |    0.013707                       |    0.009316                       |    0.003063                       |    0.000976                       |    0.015195                       |    0.012388                       |    0.008989                       |           0                       |    0.003015                       |    0.004867                       |           0                       |    0.009471                       |    0.007841                       |    0.007113                       |           0                       |    0.003142                       |           0                       |    0.005393                       |    0.003916                       |    0.003319                       |           0                       |    0.003053                       |           0                       |    0.002610                       |    0.002563                       |           0                       |    0.003169                       |           0                       |    0.001843                       |    0.002793                       |    0.003692                       |    0.009432                       |    0.003056                       |    0.000816                       |    0.009100                       |    0.005122                       |    0.014559                       |    0.003765                       |    0.009566                       |    0.003053                       |    0.000901                       |    0.004189                       |    0.014399                       |    0.022784                       |    0.004460                       |    0.031091                       |    0.004596                       |    0.004063                       |    0.010351                       |    0.017840                       |    0.029443                       |    0.011653                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003087                       |    0.011309                       |    0.010346                       |    0.021986                       |    0.017510                       |    0.012018                       |    0.009604                       |    0.003010                       |    0.000979                       |    0.005866                       |    0.016443                       |    0.010218                       |    0.005196                       |           0                       |    0.003052                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |    0.005261                       |    0.005061                       |    0.004477                       |           0                       |    0.003030                       |           0                       |    0.001700                       |    0.002628                       |    0.003737                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002582                       |    0.002991                       |           0                       |    0.003116                       |           0                       |    0.007632                       |    0.003323                       |    0.004812                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.003099                       |    0.004866                       |           0                       |    0.005305                       |    0.010580                       |    0.008018                       |    0.002988                       |    0.009294                       |    0.002976                       |    0.000901                       |    0.019414                       |    0.013888                       |    0.009553                       |    0.003097                       |    0.009666                       |    0.002979                       |    0.000993                       |    0.007367                       |    0.015395                       |    0.009556                       |    0.003018                       |           0                       |    0.003192                       |    0.004851                       |           0                       |    0.006081                       |    0.009495                       |    0.006322                       |    0.003042                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.001588                       |    0.005208                       |    0.003153                       |    0.003032                       |           0                       |    0.003007                       |           0                       |    0.000844                       |    0.002566                       |    0.003039                       |           0                       |    0.002991                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002546                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.004559                       |           0                       |    0.002988                       |           0                       |    0.002954                       |    0.001621                       |    0.005823                       |           0                       |    0.003097                       |           0                       |    0.009229                       |    0.003271                       |    0.002953                       |           0                       |    0.003018                       |           0                       |    0.002335                       |    0.006950                       |    0.002524                       |           0                       |    0.003042                       |           0                       |    0.004158                       |    0.006230                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003032                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005239                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003039                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002642                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.203181                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5449852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5449852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3957310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3368587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.123152                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          443774                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9661248                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45197                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5354180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20690                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9706445                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5374870                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15015428                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65887                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15081315                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5853460                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9500                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5862960                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5853460                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9500                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5862960                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72187544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20479404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30052952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5449852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3812361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              46955239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       212560                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309375                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5852824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3825                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68551035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58434674     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1042666      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           598282      0.87%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1004063      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1433545      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           594625      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           682065      0.99%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993543      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3767572      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68551035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15635164                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44299649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1828334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52724346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16319506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27413417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4833616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7446137                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12239683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51797550                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4360020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59648572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121190846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75518952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49845058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135669                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11181248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5254224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5541898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1277285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1138372                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50563962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       348918                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53165111                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7096091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11436322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48944                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68551035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46540272     67.89%     67.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8524528     12.44%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5215362      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3002507      4.38%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2932418      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1180305      1.72%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692212      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289579      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173852      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68551035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95315     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601847     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66311      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165399      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37736856     70.98%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9786348     18.41%     89.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5401499     10.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53165111                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014360                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    175787748                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58015516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47612416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53763153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1235654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2631                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6987                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5693154                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4766947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17964436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50912880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5254224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5541898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       339797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6987                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124452                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52774888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9651506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15009698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4382109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5358192                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731080                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47674991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47612436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30760083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49224424                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624895                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       299974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67399467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.646885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51207735     75.98%     75.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8035709     11.92%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1858482      2.76%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2149123      3.19%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       744921      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1047148      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694014      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278529      0.41%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1383806      2.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67399467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24233451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43599701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9289475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4143691                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4045349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43303865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       368998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34155926     78.34%     78.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4143691      9.50%     88.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5145784     11.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43599701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1383806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116842869                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102926679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3636509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24233451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43599701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.978839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.978839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78011115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37626204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20762147                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16413738                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24158551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4843625000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4843625000.000008                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3193455                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.397896                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.951408                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       23.020220                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3159930     98.95%     98.95% |       30794      0.96%     99.91% |        1410      0.04%     99.96% |         848      0.03%     99.99% |         292      0.01%     99.99% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3193455                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3088865                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.235779                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.958002                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.406347                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3061241     99.11%     99.11% |       23828      0.77%     99.88% |        2637      0.09%     99.96% |         723      0.02%     99.99% |         270      0.01%     99.99% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3088865                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        857184                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.990282                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.159359                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.248776                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       17242      2.01%      2.01% |      103737     12.10%     14.11% |      311829     36.38%     50.49% |      185311     21.62%     72.11% |      184217     21.49%     93.60% |       45483      5.31%     98.91% |        8821      1.03%     99.94% |         500      0.06%     99.99% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          857184                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4511814                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.547420                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.765341                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          59.937383                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4459623     98.84%     98.84% |       41041      0.91%     99.75% |        7955      0.18%     99.93% |        2354      0.05%     99.98% |         567      0.01%     99.99% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4511814                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3922497                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000718                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000618                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.027016                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3919700     99.93%     99.93% |        2784      0.07%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3922497                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       589317                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     129.682353                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    103.555643                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    116.413313                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      537126     91.14%     91.14% |       41041      6.96%     98.11% |        7955      1.35%     99.46% |        2354      0.40%     99.86% |         567      0.10%     99.95% |         218      0.04%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        589317                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5941896                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.556440                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.676988                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.196708                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5909078     99.45%     99.45% |       27335      0.46%     99.91% |        4315      0.07%     99.98% |         862      0.01%     99.99% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5941896                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5199471                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003717                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003170                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.064348                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5181109     99.65%     99.65% |       17564      0.34%     99.98% |         629      0.01%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5199471                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       742425                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     119.474421                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.068070                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     81.979929                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      709607     95.58%     95.58% |       27335      3.68%     99.26% |        4315      0.58%     99.84% |         862      0.12%     99.96% |         202      0.03%     99.99% |          55      0.01%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        742425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5846645                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.698548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.006154                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5833979     99.78%     99.78% |       10613      0.18%     99.96% |        1817      0.03%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5846645                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5723544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5723542    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5723544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.672017                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.434910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.279089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.71%     89.71% |       10613      8.62%     98.33% |        1817      1.48%     99.81% |          41      0.03%     99.84% |          80      0.06%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123101                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.521802                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667913                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.529158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125496     98.99%     98.99% |        1010      0.80%     99.78% |         246      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118840     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.370020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.361589                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.099784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.61%     83.61% |        1010     12.90%     96.50% |         246      3.14%     99.64% |           6      0.08%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11927                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       297540                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       296699                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   176244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   184806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    18309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   176789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    17809                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   26015                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  181666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  173366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  188418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   17320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  160228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   22944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  164151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   540                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  3004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2977                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    1914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     170                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    2109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               179088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               187542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               179638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              184496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              176168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              191232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              163232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               18000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              167128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                31239873                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                56331595                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               334392807                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                33694792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                59976645                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               388517872                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                32398790                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                58125798                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               337851834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                33129812                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               66153872                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              372086653                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               33263693                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               60890718                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              348792406                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               34050657                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               62135952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              384272446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               33541440                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               61943802                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              276029325                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               32976488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               63123268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              294889913                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   89544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12180                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   93776                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12356                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   89814                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12020                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  92248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12180                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  88084                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  95616                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11700                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  81616                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11796                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  83564                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6248                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  89544                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  93766                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6512                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  89824                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 92248                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 88084                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 95616                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  6160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 81616                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6204                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 83564                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                86700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                11994                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                91040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                86965                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                11821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               21612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               89418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               85282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               11890                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               92802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11517                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               78612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               19059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               80587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2849                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2830                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              3004                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2977                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               89544                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               93766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               89824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                5988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              92248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6105                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              88084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              95616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5803                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              81616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              83564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              319                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      142                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      294                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      293                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      148                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      288                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     295                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     285                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     299                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     271                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     141                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     279                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2149945                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2632378                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4685405                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2140276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2577077                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4686696                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2140585                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2605953                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4686604                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2150495                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2714216                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4698092                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2148842                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2584285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4678410                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2139787                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2703143                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4688771                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2139202                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2617848                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4691836                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2146063                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2560952                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4689970                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2344                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2368                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2280                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2392                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2232                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1449422                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2435507                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4295034                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1420714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2389822                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4304144                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1468682                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2413458                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4300118                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1521216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2514521                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4314116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1523624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2396175                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4296444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1513090                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2507285                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4287293                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1470869                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2419432                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4320886                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1429030                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2369556                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4304225                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             126273                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             195216                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             130295                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             194555                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             132533                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             191232                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             127963                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            195880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            129225                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            189240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            128472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            198536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            124441                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            179944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            125862                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            185256                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2289632                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1452252                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3098224                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2300104                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1403994                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3026270                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2251010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1442367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3087147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2179874                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1498977                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3050723                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2194633                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1435669                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3082187                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2171998                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1480206                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3057489                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2272975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1469858                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3128605                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2337272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1412836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3121178                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1449422                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2435507                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4295034                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1420714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2389822                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4304144                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1468682                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2413458                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4300118                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1521216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2514521                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4314116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1523624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2396175                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4296444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1513090                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2507285                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4287293                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1470869                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2419432                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4320886                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1429030                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2369556                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4304225                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        113794                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        195086                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        116288                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        194513                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        118323                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        191106                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        115970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       195785                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       117720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       189215                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       116955                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       198441                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       112549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       179846                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       112738                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       185172                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1683301                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1452252                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3056653                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1673661                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1403994                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3006434                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1678474                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1442367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3054276                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1654429                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1498977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3019720                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1676286                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1435669                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3066874                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1649509                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1480206                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3026797                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1686544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1469858                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3082888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1704697                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1412836                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3071333                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2137850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2615482                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4662402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2128204                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2560181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4663923                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2127517                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2589057                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4663594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2137985                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2696264                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4674753                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2136645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2567389                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4655855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2127005                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2685191                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4665688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2127579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2602008                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4671332                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2133738                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2545112                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4668131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             13499                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             53861                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             10673                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            43312                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9825                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            12872                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             5268                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9875                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            21644                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1211                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73239612                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68526539                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73239608                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68527504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73239614                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68526422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73239610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68527325                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368594                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73239619                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68526438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73239615                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68526157                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73239631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68526859                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73239627                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68526045                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2106687                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2632741                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3994275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2096271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2577271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          3983172                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2101087                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2606333                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          3994477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2109991                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2714334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         3995894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2106268                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2584657                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         3990316                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2096426                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2703382                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         3989884                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2096704                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2618422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4007314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2102482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2561401                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4004835                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               911                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              903                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             27036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             30009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             27197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            29570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            30360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            23543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            24533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20070                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             6258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            17875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            20113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14988                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77612     25.36%     25.36% |       76284     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75907     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306067                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56041     25.44%     25.44% |       54804     24.87%     50.31% |       54791     24.87%     75.18% |       54690     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220326                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77638     25.36%     25.36% |       76284     24.92%     50.29% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75906     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61951     25.39%     25.39% |       60721     24.89%     50.28% |       60711     24.88%     75.16% |       60613     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243996                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13379     25.26%     25.26% |       13288     25.08%     50.34% |       13281     25.07%     75.41% |       13024     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77612     25.36%     25.36% |       76284     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75907     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306067                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55784     25.41%     25.41% |       54609     24.88%     50.29% |       54599     24.88%     75.17% |       54501     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219493                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13379     25.26%     25.26% |       13288     25.08%     50.34% |       13281     25.07%     75.41% |       13024     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77612     25.36%     25.36% |       76284     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75906     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306066                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55784     25.41%     25.41% |       54609     24.88%     50.29% |       54599     24.88%     75.17% |       54501     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219493                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3539503     78.42%     78.42% |          38      0.00%     78.42% |      121829      2.70%     81.12% |      126357      2.80%     83.92% |      122589      2.72%     86.64% |      125969      2.79%     89.43% |      120685      2.67%     92.10% |      129413      2.87%     94.97% |      112457      2.49%     97.46% |      114501      2.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4513341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5846703    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5846703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5272331     86.86%     86.86% |           0      0.00%     86.86% |       99893      1.65%     88.50% |      104311      1.72%     90.22% |      100439      1.65%     91.88% |      102949      1.70%     93.57% |       98609      1.62%     95.20% |      106361      1.75%     96.95% |       91613      1.51%     98.46% |       93605      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6070111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13422      4.10%      4.10% |          38      0.01%      4.11% |       38972     11.89%     16.00% |       36694     11.20%     27.20% |       38928     11.88%     39.08% |       37891     11.56%     50.64% |       38973     11.89%     62.54% |       38410     11.72%     74.26% |       42661     13.02%     87.28% |       41685     12.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       327674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410343     56.17%     56.17% |           0      0.00%     56.17% |       40077      5.49%     61.66% |       40032      5.48%     67.14% |       40179      5.50%     72.64% |       40962      5.61%     78.25% |       40238      5.51%     83.76% |       41499      5.68%     89.44% |       38487      5.27%     94.71% |       38660      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       730477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37203     12.87%     12.87% |       37151     12.85%     25.73% |       38161     13.20%     38.93% |       38618     13.36%     52.29% |       34511     11.94%     64.24% |       38399     13.29%     77.52% |       30086     10.41%     87.93% |       34875     12.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       289004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30894     12.85%     12.86% |       30081     12.51%     25.37% |       30602     12.72%     38.09% |       30182     12.55%     50.64% |       30254     12.58%     63.22% |       32564     13.54%     76.76% |       25590     10.64%     87.40% |       30309     12.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       240506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3216     13.78%     13.78% |        2822     12.09%     25.87% |        3005     12.87%     38.74% |        2794     11.97%     50.71% |        3015     12.92%     63.63% |        2975     12.75%     76.37% |        2630     11.27%     87.64% |        2885     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        23342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141769     54.07%     54.07% |          11      0.00%     54.08% |       15442      5.89%     59.97% |       15185      5.79%     65.76% |       14957      5.70%     71.47% |       15482      5.91%     77.37% |       14964      5.71%     83.08% |       15839      6.04%     89.12% |       14086      5.37%     94.49% |       14440      5.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30245     12.58%     12.59% |       29947     12.45%     25.04% |       30592     12.72%     37.76% |       30524     12.69%     50.45% |       28371     11.80%     62.25% |       29696     12.35%     74.59% |       30692     12.76%     87.35% |       30412     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       240506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270363     37.43%     37.43% |           0      0.00%     37.43% |       56176      7.78%     45.21% |       54233      7.51%     52.72% |       57158      7.91%     60.63% |       57206      7.92%     68.55% |       56906      7.88%     76.43% |       57288      7.93%     84.37% |       55473      7.68%     92.05% |       57446      7.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       722249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36098     13.07%     13.07% |       37690     13.64%     26.71% |       35738     12.94%     39.65% |       36990     13.39%     53.04% |       32993     11.94%     64.98% |       39080     14.15%     79.13% |       25369      9.18%     88.31% |       32279     11.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       276237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31192     13.12%     13.13% |       31970     13.45%     26.57% |       31412     13.21%     39.78% |       31821     13.38%     53.17% |       28966     12.18%     65.35% |       33448     14.07%     79.42% |       21295      8.96%     88.37% |       27650     11.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       237773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287587     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23676      4.96%     65.15% |       23137      4.84%     69.99% |       23262      4.87%     74.86% |       24033      5.03%     79.89% |       23976      5.02%     84.91% |       23356      4.89%     89.79% |       25033      5.24%     95.03% |       23725      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141784     36.31%     36.31% |          38      0.01%     36.32% |       31223      7.99%     44.31% |       31030      7.95%     52.26% |       31103      7.96%     60.22% |       31777      8.14%     68.36% |       31236      8.00%     76.36% |       32277      8.26%     84.62% |       29964      7.67%     92.29% |       30100      7.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       390532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146860     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9366      4.21%     70.25% |        9514      4.28%     74.53% |        9588      4.31%     78.84% |        9697      4.36%     83.20% |        9514      4.28%     87.48% |        9734      4.38%     91.86% |        9035      4.06%     95.92% |        9072      4.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11169     43.13%     43.13% |           0      0.00%     43.13% |        1849      7.14%     50.26% |        1826      7.05%     57.31% |        1837      7.09%     64.41% |        1820      7.03%     71.44% |        1878      7.25%     78.69% |        1880      7.26%     85.95% |        1835      7.09%     93.03% |        1805      6.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         355      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       24991     12.57%     12.75% |       24611     12.38%     25.13% |       25436     12.80%     37.93% |       25393     12.77%     50.70% |       23680     11.91%     62.61% |       25006     12.58%     75.19% |       24447     12.30%     87.49% |       24867     12.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       198786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       38813     12.59%     12.60% |       36445     11.82%     24.42% |       39045     12.66%     37.09% |       38502     12.49%     49.57% |       38188     12.39%     61.96% |       38210     12.39%     74.35% |       38628     12.53%     86.88% |       40436     13.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       308300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         576      0.75%      0.75% |           0      0.00%      0.75% |        9834     12.74%     13.49% |       10374     13.44%     26.93% |       10231     13.26%     40.18% |       10157     13.16%     53.34% |        9100     11.79%     65.13% |       11139     14.43%     79.56% |        7030      9.11%     88.67% |        8744     11.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        77185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.86%      3.86% |           0      0.00%      3.86% |       21891     12.29%     16.14% |       21624     12.14%     28.28% |       22740     12.76%     41.04% |       21488     12.06%     53.10% |       21015     11.79%     64.89% |       21809     12.24%     77.13% |       18362     10.30%     87.43% |       22392     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       178191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5723544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5723544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28662     13.05%     13.06% |       29735     13.54%     26.60% |       28947     13.18%     39.78% |       29664     13.51%     53.29% |       26589     12.11%     65.40% |       31044     14.14%     79.53% |       19472      8.87%     88.40% |       25473     11.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       219605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1333      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       36416     12.32%     12.78% |       34252     11.59%     24.38% |       36529     12.36%     36.74% |       35406     11.98%     48.72% |       36434     12.33%     61.05% |       35931     12.16%     73.21% |       39994     13.54%     86.75% |       39163     13.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       295485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122043     69.59%     69.59% |           0      0.00%     69.59% |        6567      3.74%     73.34% |        6521      3.72%     77.05% |        6686      3.81%     80.87% |        6772      3.86%     84.73% |        7162      4.08%     88.81% |        7004      3.99%     92.81% |        6424      3.66%     96.47% |        6191      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       175370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1390751     90.54%     90.54% |           0      0.00%     90.54% |       18136      1.18%     91.72% |       18669      1.22%     92.94% |       17918      1.17%     94.10% |       19341      1.26%     95.36% |       18244      1.19%     96.55% |       19809      1.29%     97.84% |       16524      1.08%     98.92% |       16657      1.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1536049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21204     26.02%     26.02% |           0      0.00%     26.02% |        7723      9.48%     35.50% |        7549      9.27%     44.77% |        7278      8.93%     53.70% |        7324      8.99%     62.69% |        7324      8.99%     71.68% |        7861      9.65%     81.33% |        8002      9.82%     91.15% |        7212      8.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        81477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         602     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119847     77.65%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |        4316      2.80%     80.45% |        4298      2.78%     83.23% |        4322      2.80%     86.03% |        4588      2.97%     89.00% |        4293      2.78%     91.79% |        4581      2.97%     94.75% |        4017      2.60%     97.36% |        4080      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3084     13.31%     13.31% |        3019     13.03%     26.34% |        3070     13.25%     39.58% |        3251     14.03%     53.61% |        3028     13.07%     66.68% |        3078     13.28%     79.96% |        1748      7.54%     87.50% |        2896     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        23174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1998217     90.49%     90.49% |           0      0.00%     90.49% |       25588      1.16%     91.65% |       30423      1.38%     93.02% |       25392      1.15%     94.17% |       27970      1.27%     95.44% |       26510      1.20%     96.64% |       30512      1.38%     98.02% |       23160      1.05%     99.07% |       20485      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2208257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5104086     97.44%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |       15329      0.29%     97.73% |       21068      0.40%     98.13% |       15581      0.30%     98.43% |       17762      0.34%     98.77% |       16994      0.32%     99.10% |       19512      0.37%     99.47% |       16476      0.31%     99.78% |       11412      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5238220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     99.07%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           3      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167740     51.86%     51.86% |           0      0.00%     51.86% |       19360      5.99%     57.85% |       18839      5.82%     63.67% |       18940      5.86%     69.53% |       19445      6.01%     75.54% |       19683      6.09%     81.62% |       18775      5.80%     87.43% |       21016      6.50%     93.93% |       19645      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37201     12.87%     12.87% |       37149     12.85%     25.73% |       38161     13.20%     38.93% |       38618     13.36%     52.29% |       34511     11.94%     64.24% |       38396     13.29%     77.52% |       30086     10.41%     87.93% |       34875     12.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       288997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       27810     12.80%     12.81% |       27062     12.45%     25.26% |       27532     12.67%     37.93% |       26931     12.39%     50.32% |       27225     12.53%     62.85% |       29485     13.57%     76.42% |       23842     10.97%     87.39% |       27413     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       217330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     11.54%     11.54% |          29     15.93%     27.47% |          22     12.09%     39.56% |          28     15.38%     54.95% |          20     10.99%     65.93% |          28     15.38%     81.32% |          25     13.74%     95.05% |           9      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141769     54.07%     54.07% |          11      0.00%     54.08% |       15442      5.89%     59.97% |       15185      5.79%     65.76% |       14957      5.70%     71.47% |       15482      5.91%     77.37% |       14964      5.71%     83.08% |       15839      6.04%     89.12% |       14086      5.37%     94.49% |       14440      5.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30245     12.58%     12.59% |       29947     12.45%     25.04% |       30592     12.72%     37.76% |       30524     12.69%     50.45% |       28371     11.80%     62.25% |       29696     12.35%     74.59% |       30692     12.76%     87.35% |       30412     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       240506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123470     58.92%     58.92% |           0      0.00%     58.92% |       10506      5.01%     63.93% |       10480      5.00%     68.93% |       10968      5.23%     74.17% |       11136      5.31%     79.48% |       11561      5.52%     85.00% |       11720      5.59%     90.59% |        9608      4.58%     95.18% |       10106      4.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       209555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3216     13.78%     13.78% |        2822     12.09%     25.87% |        3005     12.87%     38.74% |        2794     11.97%     50.71% |        3015     12.92%     63.63% |        2975     12.75%     76.37% |        2630     11.27%     87.64% |        2885     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        23342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146893     28.66%     28.66% |           0      0.00%     28.66% |       45649      8.91%     37.57% |       43724      8.53%     46.10% |       46168      9.01%     55.11% |       46042      8.98%     64.09% |       45325      8.84%     72.94% |       45540      8.89%     81.82% |       45840      8.94%     90.76% |       47331      9.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       512512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1759     14.45%     14.45% |        1683     13.83%     28.28% |        1113      9.14%     37.42% |        1081      8.88%     46.30% |        1139      9.36%     55.66% |        1118      9.18%     64.84% |        2531     20.79%     85.63% |        1749     14.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        12173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         686     13.26%     13.26% |         587     11.35%     24.60% |         540     10.44%     35.04% |         637     12.31%     47.35% |         638     12.33%     59.68% |         571     11.04%     70.72% |         807     15.60%     86.32% |         708     13.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         5174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       34339     13.00%     13.00% |       36007     13.64%     26.64% |       34625     13.11%     39.75% |       35909     13.60%     53.35% |       31854     12.06%     65.41% |       37962     14.38%     79.79% |       22838      8.65%     88.44% |       30530     11.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       264064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31192     13.12%     13.13% |       31970     13.45%     26.57% |       31412     13.21%     39.78% |       31821     13.38%     53.17% |       28966     12.18%     65.35% |       33448     14.07%     79.42% |       21295      8.96%     88.37% |       27650     11.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       237773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     11.54%     11.54% |          29     15.93%     27.47% |          22     12.09%     39.56% |          28     15.38%     54.95% |          20     10.99%     65.93% |          28     15.38%     81.32% |          25     13.74%     95.05% |           9      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287587     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23674      4.96%     65.15% |       23135      4.84%     69.99% |       23262      4.87%     74.86% |       24033      5.03%     79.89% |       23975      5.02%     84.91% |       23352      4.89%     89.79% |       25033      5.24%     95.03% |       23725      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3476      2.82%      9.00% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4041      3.28%     17.99% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3293      2.67%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.94% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3768      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.79% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3062      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3603      2.93%     75.69% |        3631      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3914      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5001      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45014      7.50%      7.50% |       18585      3.10%     10.60% |       17589      2.93%     13.53% |       18398      3.07%     16.59% |       17968      2.99%     19.59% |       17504      2.92%     22.50% |       17216      2.87%     25.37% |       17222      2.87%     28.24% |       17513      2.92%     31.16% |       17869      2.98%     34.14% |       19672      3.28%     37.41% |       19362      3.23%     40.64% |       18283      3.05%     43.69% |       17829      2.97%     46.66% |       17059      2.84%     49.50% |       17274      2.88%     52.38% |       18336      3.06%     55.43% |       17667      2.94%     58.38% |       17943      2.99%     61.36% |       17814      2.97%     64.33% |       17762      2.96%     67.29% |       19001      3.17%     70.46% |       17566      2.93%     73.38% |       17298      2.88%     76.27% |       17690      2.95%     79.21% |       17836      2.97%     82.19% |       17472      2.91%     85.10% |       17044      2.84%     87.94% |       17530      2.92%     90.86% |       17014      2.83%     93.69% |       17628      2.94%     96.63% |       20229      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       600187                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       19006      3.49%      3.49% |       17013      3.13%      6.62% |       16707      3.07%      9.69% |       16890      3.10%     12.79% |       16950      3.12%     15.91% |       16734      3.08%     18.99% |       16541      3.04%     22.03% |       16587      3.05%     25.07% |       16955      3.12%     28.19% |       16641      3.06%     31.25% |       16664      3.06%     34.31% |       17296      3.18%     37.49% |       16890      3.10%     40.59% |       16623      3.06%     43.65% |       16584      3.05%     46.70% |       16608      3.05%     49.75% |       16935      3.11%     52.86% |       16752      3.08%     55.94% |       16861      3.10%     59.04% |       16968      3.12%     62.16% |       16985      3.12%     65.28% |       17840      3.28%     68.56% |       16827      3.09%     71.65% |       16814      3.09%     74.74% |       17344      3.19%     77.93% |       17026      3.13%     81.06% |       17020      3.13%     84.19% |       17388      3.20%     87.38% |       16963      3.12%     90.50% |       16929      3.11%     93.61% |       17445      3.21%     96.82% |       17313      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       544099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6972      3.17%      3.17% |        6800      3.09%      6.26% |        6774      3.08%      9.33% |        6836      3.11%     12.44% |        7031      3.19%     15.63% |        6840      3.11%     18.74% |        6793      3.09%     21.82% |        6807      3.09%     24.92% |        6999      3.18%     28.09% |        6869      3.12%     31.21% |        6813      3.09%     34.31% |        6834      3.10%     37.41% |        6984      3.17%     40.59% |        6868      3.12%     43.71% |        6876      3.12%     46.83% |        6871      3.12%     49.95% |        6981      3.17%     53.12% |        6814      3.10%     56.22% |        6922      3.14%     59.36% |        6876      3.12%     62.48% |        6985      3.17%     65.66% |        6796      3.09%     68.74% |        6887      3.13%     71.87% |        6925      3.15%     75.02% |        7029      3.19%     78.21% |        6763      3.07%     81.28% |        6868      3.12%     84.40% |        6895      3.13%     87.53% |        6978      3.17%     90.70% |        6785      3.08%     93.78% |        6824      3.10%     96.88% |        6862      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       220157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42865      8.97%      8.97% |       14994      3.14%     12.11% |       13669      2.86%     14.97% |       14589      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.92% |       13444      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13105      2.74%     29.21% |       13315      2.79%     31.99% |       13871      2.90%     34.90% |       15620      3.27%     38.17% |       15916      3.33%     41.50% |       14010      2.93%     44.43% |       13640      2.85%     47.28% |       12805      2.68%     49.96% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13690      2.87%     67.29% |       16133      3.38%     70.67% |       13601      2.85%     73.51% |       13288      2.78%     76.29% |       13746      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13629      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13328      2.79%     93.46% |       14448      3.02%     96.48% |       16801      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8040      3.67%      3.67% |        6812      3.11%      6.77% |        6844      3.12%      9.89% |        6804      3.10%     13.00% |        6792      3.10%     16.09% |        6800      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6800      3.10%     25.39% |        6817      3.11%     28.50% |        6831      3.12%     31.61% |        6855      3.13%     34.74% |        6830      3.11%     37.85% |        6815      3.11%     40.96% |        6845      3.12%     44.08% |        6816      3.11%     47.19% |        6810      3.11%     50.30% |        6852      3.12%     53.42% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6830      3.11%     59.65% |        6831      3.12%     62.76% |        6818      3.11%     65.87% |        6856      3.13%     69.00% |        6824      3.11%     72.11% |        6780      3.09%     75.20% |        6804      3.10%     78.31% |        6813      3.11%     81.41% |        6795      3.10%     84.51% |        6790      3.10%     87.61% |        6792      3.10%     90.71% |        6780      3.09%     93.80% |        6795      3.10%     96.90% |        6807      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1815      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.20%      6.61% |        1730      3.25%      9.86% |        1674      3.15%     13.01% |        1677      3.15%     16.16% |        1667      3.14%     19.30% |        1670      3.14%     22.44% |        1655      3.11%     25.55% |        1671      3.14%     28.70% |        1704      3.20%     31.90% |        1690      3.18%     35.08% |        1644      3.09%     38.17% |        1691      3.18%     41.35% |        1685      3.17%     44.52% |        1701      3.20%     47.72% |        1645      3.09%     50.81% |        1658      3.12%     53.93% |        1642      3.09%     57.02% |        1633      3.07%     60.09% |        1622      3.05%     63.14% |        1626      3.06%     66.20% |        1640      3.08%     69.28% |        1624      3.05%     72.34% |        1614      3.04%     75.37% |        1654      3.11%     78.48% |        1675      3.15%     81.63% |        1665      3.13%     84.76% |        1619      3.04%     87.81% |        1641      3.09%     90.89% |        1621      3.05%     93.94% |        1620      3.05%     96.99% |        1601      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10971      3.58%      3.58% |        9561      3.12%      6.71% |        9622      3.14%      9.85% |        9526      3.11%     12.96% |        9517      3.11%     16.07% |        9515      3.11%     19.18% |        9506      3.11%     22.29% |        9503      3.10%     25.39% |        9536      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9592      3.13%     34.77% |        9521      3.11%     37.88% |        9553      3.12%     41.01% |        9577      3.13%     44.14% |        9564      3.12%     47.26% |        9502      3.10%     50.36% |        9557      3.12%     53.49% |        9517      3.11%     56.60% |        9511      3.11%     59.70% |        9501      3.10%     62.81% |        9492      3.10%     65.91% |        9545      3.12%     69.03% |        9496      3.10%     72.13% |        9441      3.08%     75.22% |        9506      3.11%     78.32% |        9537      3.12%     81.44% |        9509      3.11%     84.54% |        9455      3.09%     87.63% |        9480      3.10%     90.73% |        9449      3.09%     93.82% |        9464      3.09%     96.91% |        9457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9947      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8598      3.15%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8493      3.11%     16.13% |        8491      3.11%     19.23% |        8482      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8512      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.14%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8529      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.31% |        8478      3.10%     50.41% |        8533      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.74% |        8477      3.10%     62.85% |        8468      3.10%     65.94% |        8521      3.12%     69.06% |        8472      3.10%     72.16% |        8417      3.08%     75.24% |        8482      3.10%     78.34% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8485      3.10%     84.56% |        8431      3.08%     87.65% |        8456      3.09%     90.74% |        8425      3.08%     93.83% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273298                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        7014      3.22%      3.22% |        6728      3.09%      6.31% |        6723      3.09%      9.40% |        6775      3.11%     12.52% |        7008      3.22%     15.74% |        6797      3.12%     18.86% |        6745      3.10%     21.96% |        6745      3.10%     25.06% |        6918      3.18%     28.23% |        6837      3.14%     31.38% |        6751      3.10%     34.48% |        6743      3.10%     37.58% |        6887      3.16%     40.74% |        6753      3.10%     43.84% |        6821      3.13%     46.98% |        6757      3.10%     50.08% |        6907      3.17%     53.25% |        6749      3.10%     56.35% |        6803      3.13%     59.48% |        6741      3.10%     62.58% |        6897      3.17%     65.75% |        6703      3.08%     68.83% |        6783      3.12%     71.94% |        6822      3.13%     75.08% |        6892      3.17%     78.24% |        6665      3.06%     81.31% |        6736      3.09%     84.40% |        6756      3.10%     87.50% |        6954      3.19%     90.70% |        6725      3.09%     93.79% |        6746      3.10%     96.89% |        6772      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       217653                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         738      3.18%      3.18% |         733      3.16%      6.35% |         719      3.10%      9.45% |         726      3.13%     12.58% |         714      3.08%     15.66% |         722      3.12%     18.78% |         723      3.12%     21.90% |         721      3.11%     25.01% |         748      3.23%     28.24% |         704      3.04%     31.28% |         725      3.13%     34.40% |         730      3.15%     37.56% |         724      3.12%     40.68% |         718      3.10%     43.78% |         721      3.11%     46.89% |         728      3.14%     50.03% |         716      3.09%     53.12% |         727      3.14%     56.26% |         699      3.02%     59.27% |         719      3.10%     62.38% |         740      3.19%     65.57% |         709      3.06%     68.63% |         739      3.19%     71.82% |         718      3.10%     74.92% |         726      3.13%     78.05% |         726      3.13%     81.18% |         717      3.09%     84.28% |         707      3.05%     87.33% |         731      3.15%     90.48% |         736      3.18%     93.66% |         729      3.15%     96.80% |         741      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        23174                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         396      3.10%      3.10% |         392      3.07%      6.16% |         403      3.15%      9.31% |         408      3.19%     12.50% |         405      3.17%     15.67% |         405      3.17%     18.84% |         404      3.16%     22.00% |         405      3.17%     25.16% |         406      3.17%     28.34% |         404      3.16%     31.50% |         412      3.22%     34.72% |         399      3.12%     37.84% |         402      3.14%     40.98% |         402      3.14%     44.12% |         404      3.16%     47.28% |         404      3.16%     50.44% |         401      3.14%     53.58% |         403      3.15%     56.73% |         398      3.11%     59.84% |         399      3.12%     62.96% |         397      3.10%     66.06% |         398      3.11%     69.18% |         396      3.10%     72.27% |         398      3.11%     75.39% |         396      3.10%     78.48% |         397      3.10%     81.59% |         393      3.07%     84.66% |         395      3.09%     87.75% |         392      3.07%     90.81% |         393      3.07%     93.89% |         392      3.07%     96.95% |         390      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         499      3.33%      3.33% |         456      3.04%      6.37% |         454      3.03%      9.40% |         448      2.99%     12.39% |         461      3.08%     15.47% |         470      3.14%     18.61% |         461      3.08%     21.68% |         461      3.08%     24.76% |         468      3.12%     27.88% |         475      3.17%     31.05% |         487      3.25%     34.30% |         476      3.18%     37.48% |         493      3.29%     40.77% |         496      3.31%     44.08% |         500      3.34%     47.41% |         485      3.24%     50.65% |         487      3.25%     53.90% |         472      3.15%     57.05% |         468      3.12%     60.17% |         446      2.98%     63.15% |         440      2.94%     66.09% |         470      3.14%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         446      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         455      3.04%     87.83% |         451      3.01%     90.84% |         455      3.04%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7690      3.20%      3.20% |        7454      3.10%      6.30% |        7432      3.09%      9.39% |        7493      3.12%     12.50% |        7715      3.21%     15.71% |        7515      3.12%     18.83% |        7463      3.10%     21.94% |        7459      3.10%     25.04% |        7658      3.18%     28.22% |        7533      3.13%     31.36% |        7469      3.11%     34.46% |        7467      3.10%     37.57% |        7603      3.16%     40.73% |        7466      3.10%     43.83% |        7535      3.13%     46.96% |        7479      3.11%     50.07% |        7617      3.17%     53.24% |        7469      3.11%     56.35% |        7495      3.12%     59.46% |        7450      3.10%     62.56% |        7625      3.17%     65.73% |        7399      3.08%     68.81% |        7511      3.12%     71.93% |        7529      3.13%     75.06% |        7608      3.16%     78.22% |        7382      3.07%     81.29% |        7443      3.09%     84.39% |        7452      3.10%     87.49% |        7672      3.19%     90.68% |        7452      3.10%     93.78% |        7462      3.10%     96.88% |        7509      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       240506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59951      5.92%      5.92% |       31619      3.12%      9.04% |       30277      2.99%     12.03% |       31196      3.08%     15.12% |       30818      3.04%     18.16% |       30082      2.97%     21.13% |       29674      2.93%     24.06% |       29724      2.94%     27.00% |       30326      3.00%     29.99% |       30491      3.01%     33.00% |       32209      3.18%     36.19% |       32525      3.21%     39.40% |       30959      3.06%     42.46% |       30269      2.99%     45.45% |       29426      2.91%     48.35% |       29825      2.95%     51.30% |       31113      3.07%     54.37% |       30303      2.99%     57.36% |       30606      3.02%     60.39% |       30595      3.02%     63.41% |       30674      3.03%     66.44% |       32731      3.23%     69.67% |       30245      2.99%     72.66% |       29900      2.95%     75.61% |       30716      3.03%     78.65% |       30720      3.03%     81.68% |       30265      2.99%     84.67% |       30218      2.98%     87.65% |       30495      3.01%     90.67% |       29952      2.96%     93.62% |       31075      3.07%     96.69% |       33481      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1012460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         380      3.03%      9.28% |         374      2.98%     12.27% |         384      3.06%     15.33% |         381      3.04%     18.37% |         380      3.03%     21.40% |         384      3.06%     24.46% |         389      3.10%     27.57% |         401      3.20%     30.76% |         406      3.24%     34.00% |         397      3.17%     37.17% |         417      3.33%     40.50% |         417      3.33%     43.82% |         419      3.34%     47.16% |         408      3.25%     50.42% |         413      3.29%     53.71% |         400      3.19%     56.90% |         391      3.12%     60.02% |         372      2.97%     62.99% |         363      2.90%     65.88% |         389      3.10%     68.99% |         373      2.98%     71.96% |         372      2.97%     74.93% |         399      3.18%     78.11% |         407      3.25%     81.36% |         414      3.30%     84.66% |         387      3.09%     87.75% |         388      3.09%     90.84% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.13%     97.02% |         373      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5287      4.14%      4.14% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4068      3.18%     10.46% |        3977      3.11%     13.58% |        3973      3.11%     16.68% |        3964      3.10%     19.79% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3963      3.10%     25.99% |        3971      3.11%     29.10% |        4000      3.13%     32.23% |        4018      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.08%     38.45% |        3948      3.09%     41.54% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3969      3.11%     47.75% |        3931      3.08%     50.83% |        3963      3.10%     53.93% |        3936      3.08%     57.01% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3947      3.09%     63.18% |        3948      3.09%     66.27% |        3958      3.10%     69.36% |        3950      3.09%     72.45% |        3900      3.05%     75.51% |        3932      3.08%     78.58% |        3949      3.09%     81.67% |        3912      3.06%     84.73% |        3896      3.05%     87.78% |        3917      3.06%     90.85% |        3891      3.04%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3922      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.78% |        5158      3.11%     21.89% |        5156      3.11%     25.00% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.25% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5163      3.12%     50.00% |        5181      3.13%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.38% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.77% |        5173      3.12%     71.89% |        5169      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.13% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5173      3.12%     87.51% |        5175      3.12%     90.63% |        5176      3.12%     93.76% |        5186      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3091      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.63% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.79% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2630      3.14%      3.14% |        2591      3.09%      6.23% |        2663      3.18%      9.40% |        2643      3.15%     12.55% |        2687      3.20%     15.76% |        2675      3.19%     18.95% |        2705      3.23%     22.17% |        2655      3.17%     25.34% |        2691      3.21%     28.54% |        2598      3.10%     31.64% |        2690      3.21%     34.85% |        2597      3.10%     37.95% |        2673      3.19%     41.13% |        2647      3.16%     44.29% |        2654      3.16%     47.45% |        2631      3.14%     50.59% |        2667      3.18%     53.77% |        2578      3.07%     56.85% |        2624      3.13%     59.97% |        2563      3.06%     63.03% |        2581      3.08%     66.11% |        2594      3.09%     69.20% |        2609      3.11%     72.31% |        2570      3.06%     75.38% |        2655      3.17%     78.54% |        2565      3.06%     81.60% |        2581      3.08%     84.68% |        2519      3.00%     87.68% |        2582      3.08%     90.76% |        2551      3.04%     93.80% |        2605      3.11%     96.91% |        2594      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        83868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         853      3.33%      3.33% |         779      3.04%      6.37% |         795      3.11%      9.48% |         813      3.18%     12.66% |         833      3.25%     15.91% |         820      3.20%     19.11% |         804      3.14%     22.25% |         785      3.07%     25.32% |         814      3.18%     28.50% |         805      3.14%     31.64% |         775      3.03%     34.67% |         796      3.11%     37.78% |         805      3.14%     40.92% |         772      3.02%     43.94% |         848      3.31%     47.25% |         767      3.00%     50.25% |         798      3.12%     53.37% |         799      3.12%     56.49% |         803      3.14%     59.62% |         778      3.04%     62.66% |         812      3.17%     65.83% |         789      3.08%     68.92% |         793      3.10%     72.01% |         820      3.20%     75.22% |         793      3.10%     78.31% |         810      3.16%     81.48% |         784      3.06%     84.54% |         796      3.11%     87.65% |         817      3.19%     90.84% |         794      3.10%     93.94% |         773      3.02%     96.96% |         778      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        25601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6821      3.18%      3.18% |        6653      3.10%      6.28% |        6628      3.09%      9.37% |        6664      3.11%     12.48% |        6879      3.21%     15.69% |        6675      3.11%     18.80% |        6639      3.10%     21.90% |        6655      3.10%     25.00% |        6818      3.18%     28.18% |        6728      3.14%     31.32% |        6665      3.11%     34.43% |        6652      3.10%     37.53% |        6795      3.17%     40.70% |        6690      3.12%     43.82% |        6672      3.11%     46.93% |        6691      3.12%     50.05% |        6812      3.18%     53.23% |        6654      3.10%     56.33% |        6703      3.13%     59.46% |        6654      3.10%     62.56% |        6793      3.17%     65.73% |        6607      3.08%     68.81% |        6698      3.12%     71.93% |        6697      3.12%     75.06% |        6797      3.17%     78.23% |        6558      3.06%     81.28% |        6653      3.10%     84.39% |        6646      3.10%     87.49% |        6831      3.19%     90.67% |        6631      3.09%     93.76% |        6665      3.11%     96.87% |        6707      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       214431                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.36% |         439      3.07%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29088     21.43%     21.43% |        4166      3.07%     24.50% |        3102      2.29%     26.78% |        3927      2.89%     29.67% |        3258      2.40%     32.07% |        2999      2.21%     34.28% |        2776      2.04%     36.33% |        2787      2.05%     38.38% |        2836      2.09%     40.47% |        3385      2.49%     42.96% |        5145      3.79%     46.75% |        4976      3.67%     50.42% |        3631      2.67%     53.09% |        3326      2.45%     55.54% |        2525      1.86%     57.40% |        2874      2.12%     59.52% |        3704      2.73%     62.25% |        3288      2.42%     64.67% |        3446      2.54%     67.21% |        3406      2.51%     69.72% |        3252      2.40%     72.11% |        4627      3.41%     75.52% |        3096      2.28%     77.80% |        2869      2.11%     79.92% |        3029      2.23%     82.15% |        3533      2.60%     84.75% |        3083      2.27%     87.02% |        2693      1.98%     89.01% |        3021      2.23%     91.23% |        2773      2.04%     93.27% |        3323      2.45%     95.72% |        5809      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3504      6.31%      6.31% |        1857      3.34%      9.66% |        1544      2.78%     12.44% |        1724      3.11%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.49% |        1535      2.76%     21.26% |        1378      2.48%     23.74% |        1416      2.55%     26.29% |        1553      2.80%     29.09% |        1523      2.74%     31.83% |        1512      2.72%     34.55% |        2033      3.66%     38.21% |        1457      2.62%     40.84% |        1372      2.47%     43.31% |        1352      2.44%     45.74% |        1445      2.60%     48.35% |        1523      2.74%     51.09% |        1480      2.67%     53.75% |        1654      2.98%     56.73% |        1727      3.11%     59.84% |        1536      2.77%     62.61% |        2583      4.65%     67.26% |        1602      2.89%     70.15% |        1565      2.82%     72.97% |        1822      3.28%     76.25% |        1678      3.02%     79.27% |        1700      3.06%     82.33% |        2082      3.75%     86.08% |        1621      2.92%     89.00% |        1703      3.07%     92.07% |        2273      4.09%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8034      3.67%      3.67% |        6803      3.10%      6.77% |        6827      3.12%      9.89% |        6800      3.10%     12.99% |        6790      3.10%     16.09% |        6792      3.10%     19.19% |        6785      3.10%     22.29% |        6797      3.10%     25.39% |        6813      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.61% |        6834      3.12%     34.73% |        6824      3.11%     37.84% |        6810      3.11%     40.95% |        6842      3.12%     44.07% |        6810      3.11%     47.18% |        6807      3.11%     50.29% |        6848      3.13%     53.41% |        6825      3.11%     56.53% |        6826      3.12%     59.64% |        6827      3.12%     62.76% |        6812      3.11%     65.87% |        6848      3.13%     68.99% |        6820      3.11%     72.11% |        6778      3.09%     75.20% |        6800      3.10%     78.30% |        6810      3.11%     81.41% |        6791      3.10%     84.51% |        6787      3.10%     87.61% |        6786      3.10%     90.70% |        6776      3.09%     93.80% |        6792      3.10%     96.90% |        6802      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1316      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1283      3.37%     10.09% |        1222      3.21%     13.30% |        1211      3.18%     16.48% |        1201      3.15%     19.63% |        1207      3.17%     22.80% |        1190      3.12%     25.92% |        1199      3.15%     29.07% |        1229      3.23%     32.29% |        1217      3.19%     35.49% |        1168      3.07%     38.55% |        1195      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.81% |        1200      3.15%     47.96% |        1157      3.04%     50.99% |        1169      3.07%     54.06% |        1165      3.06%     57.12% |        1162      3.05%     60.17% |        1170      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1165      3.06%     69.40% |        1168      3.07%     72.46% |        1159      3.04%     75.50% |        1174      3.08%     78.59% |        1191      3.13%     81.71% |        1172      3.08%     84.79% |        1156      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.11%     90.93% |        1161      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7690      3.20%      3.20% |        7454      3.10%      6.30% |        7432      3.09%      9.39% |        7493      3.12%     12.50% |        7715      3.21%     15.71% |        7515      3.12%     18.83% |        7463      3.10%     21.94% |        7459      3.10%     25.04% |        7658      3.18%     28.22% |        7533      3.13%     31.36% |        7469      3.11%     34.46% |        7467      3.10%     37.57% |        7603      3.16%     40.73% |        7466      3.10%     43.83% |        7535      3.13%     46.96% |        7479      3.11%     50.07% |        7617      3.17%     53.24% |        7469      3.11%     56.35% |        7495      3.12%     59.46% |        7450      3.10%     62.56% |        7625      3.17%     65.73% |        7399      3.08%     68.81% |        7511      3.12%     71.93% |        7529      3.13%     75.06% |        7608      3.16%     78.22% |        7382      3.07%     81.29% |        7443      3.09%     84.39% |        7452      3.10%     87.49% |        7672      3.19%     90.68% |        7452      3.10%     93.78% |        7462      3.10%     96.88% |        7509      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       240506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        9164      3.17%      3.17% |        9010      3.12%      6.29% |        9012      3.12%      9.41% |        8957      3.10%     12.51% |        9133      3.16%     15.67% |        8956      3.10%     18.77% |        8992      3.11%     21.88% |        9005      3.12%     24.99% |        9192      3.18%     28.17% |        8927      3.09%     31.26% |        8959      3.10%     34.36% |        8985      3.11%     37.47% |        9190      3.18%     40.65% |        9006      3.12%     43.77% |        8927      3.09%     46.86% |        8994      3.11%     49.97% |        9185      3.18%     53.15% |        9008      3.12%     56.26% |        8940      3.09%     59.36% |        8939      3.09%     62.45% |        9190      3.18%     65.63% |        9024      3.12%     68.75% |        8971      3.10%     71.86% |        8926      3.09%     74.94% |        9207      3.19%     78.13% |        9055      3.13%     81.26% |        9001      3.11%     84.38% |        8980      3.11%     87.48% |        9144      3.16%     90.65% |        9015      3.12%     93.77% |        9004      3.12%     96.88% |        9006      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       289004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42865      8.97%      8.97% |       14994      3.14%     12.11% |       13669      2.86%     14.97% |       14589      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.92% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13105      2.74%     29.21% |       13313      2.79%     31.99% |       13871      2.90%     34.90% |       15620      3.27%     38.17% |       15916      3.33%     41.50% |       14010      2.93%     44.43% |       13640      2.85%     47.28% |       12804      2.68%     49.96% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13690      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13601      2.85%     73.51% |       13287      2.78%     76.29% |       13746      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13629      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13328      2.79%     93.46% |       14448      3.02%     96.48% |       16800      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          32      4.16%      4.16% |          21      2.73%      6.89% |          23      2.99%      9.88% |          21      2.73%     12.61% |          23      2.99%     15.60% |          27      3.51%     19.12% |          25      3.25%     22.37% |          23      2.99%     25.36% |          26      3.38%     28.74% |          21      2.73%     31.47% |          24      3.12%     34.59% |          21      2.73%     37.32% |          23      2.99%     40.31% |          25      3.25%     43.56% |          25      3.25%     46.81% |          24      3.12%     49.93% |          22      2.86%     52.80% |          23      2.99%     55.79% |          22      2.86%     58.65% |          27      3.51%     62.16% |          28      3.64%     65.80% |          35      4.55%     70.35% |          25      3.25%     73.60% |          25      3.25%     76.85% |          20      2.60%     79.45% |          21      2.73%     82.18% |          21      2.73%     84.92% |          23      2.99%     87.91% |          20      2.60%     90.51% |          23      2.99%     93.50% |          26      3.38%     96.88% |          24      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9947      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8598      3.15%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8493      3.11%     16.13% |        8491      3.11%     19.23% |        8482      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8512      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8568      3.14%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8529      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.31% |        8478      3.10%     50.41% |        8533      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.74% |        8477      3.10%     62.85% |        8468      3.10%     65.94% |        8521      3.12%     69.06% |        8472      3.10%     72.16% |        8417      3.08%     75.24% |        8482      3.10%     78.34% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8485      3.10%     84.56% |        8431      3.08%     87.65% |        8456      3.09%     90.74% |        8425      3.08%     93.83% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273298                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.99%      1.99% |           2      1.00%      2.99% |           6      2.99%      5.97% |           5      2.49%      8.46% |           7      3.48%     11.94% |           4      1.99%     13.93% |           5      2.49%     16.42% |           7      3.48%     19.90% |           8      3.98%     23.88% |           5      2.49%     26.37% |           5      2.49%     28.86% |           3      1.49%     30.35% |           6      2.99%     33.33% |           5      2.49%     35.82% |           6      2.99%     38.81% |           6      2.99%     41.79% |           5      2.49%     44.28% |           6      2.99%     47.26% |           5      2.49%     49.75% |           9      4.48%     54.23% |           9      4.48%     58.71% |          10      4.98%     63.68% |           8      3.98%     67.66% |          10      4.98%     72.64% |           7      3.48%     76.12% |           7      3.48%     79.60% |           7      3.48%     83.08% |           8      3.98%     87.06% |           8      3.98%     91.04% |           6      2.99%     94.03% |          10      4.98%     99.00% |           2      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          28      4.93%      4.93% |          19      3.35%      8.27% |          17      2.99%     11.27% |          16      2.82%     14.08% |          16      2.82%     16.90% |          23      4.05%     20.95% |          20      3.52%     24.47% |          16      2.82%     27.29% |          18      3.17%     30.46% |          16      2.82%     33.27% |          19      3.35%     36.62% |          18      3.17%     39.79% |          17      2.99%     42.78% |          20      3.52%     46.30% |          19      3.35%     49.65% |          18      3.17%     52.82% |          17      2.99%     55.81% |          17      2.99%     58.80% |          17      2.99%     61.80% |          18      3.17%     64.96% |          19      3.35%     68.31% |          25      4.40%     72.71% |          17      2.99%     75.70% |          15      2.64%     78.35% |          13      2.29%     80.63% |          14      2.46%     83.10% |          14      2.46%     85.56% |          15      2.64%     88.20% |          12      2.11%     90.32% |          17      2.99%     93.31% |          16      2.82%     96.13% |          22      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         396      3.15%      3.15% |         392      3.11%      6.26% |         339      2.69%      8.95% |         407      3.23%     12.18% |         405      3.22%     15.40% |         405      3.22%     18.62% |         402      3.19%     21.81% |         402      3.19%     25.00% |         405      3.22%     28.22% |         402      3.19%     31.41% |         303      2.41%     33.82% |         398      3.16%     36.98% |         400      3.18%     40.16% |         400      3.18%     43.33% |         402      3.19%     46.53% |         402      3.19%     49.72% |         399      3.17%     52.89% |         402      3.19%     56.08% |         397      3.15%     59.23% |         398      3.16%     62.39% |         396      3.15%     65.54% |         398      3.16%     68.70% |         396      3.15%     71.84% |         398      3.16%     75.01% |         396      3.15%     78.15% |         397      3.15%     81.30% |         393      3.12%     84.43% |         395      3.14%     87.56% |         392      3.11%     90.68% |         392      3.11%     93.79% |         392      3.11%     96.90% |         390      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.25% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.36% |         439      3.07%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.32%     32.32% |           1      0.51%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           2      1.01%     33.84% |           3      1.52%     35.35% |           1      0.51%     35.86% |           2      1.01%     36.87% |         109     55.05%     91.92% |           1      0.51%     92.42% |           2      1.01%     93.43% |           2      1.01%     94.44% |           2      1.01%     95.45% |           2      1.01%     96.46% |           2      1.01%     97.47% |           1      0.51%     97.98% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.99% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          40      2.89%      2.89% |          33      2.39%      5.28% |          46      3.33%      8.61% |          41      2.97%     11.58% |          56      4.05%     15.63% |          37      2.68%     18.31% |          41      2.97%     21.27% |          43      3.11%     24.38% |          34      2.46%     26.85% |          59      4.27%     31.11% |          33      2.39%     33.50% |          41      2.97%     36.47% |          55      3.98%     40.45% |          57      4.12%     44.57% |          43      3.11%     47.68% |          40      2.89%     50.58% |          53      3.84%     54.41% |          43      3.11%     57.53% |          60      4.34%     61.87% |          38      2.75%     64.62% |          38      2.75%     67.37% |          55      3.98%     71.35% |          38      2.75%     74.10% |          46      3.33%     77.42% |          39      2.82%     80.25% |          44      3.18%     83.43% |          51      3.69%     87.12% |          48      3.47%     90.59% |          31      2.24%     92.84% |          31      2.24%     95.08% |          34      2.46%     97.54% |          34      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5247      4.15%      4.15% |        3985      3.15%      7.30% |        4022      3.18%     10.48% |        3936      3.11%     13.60% |        3917      3.10%     16.70% |        3927      3.11%     19.80% |        3927      3.11%     22.91% |        3920      3.10%     26.01% |        3937      3.11%     29.12% |        3941      3.12%     32.24% |        3985      3.15%     35.39% |        3889      3.08%     38.47% |        3893      3.08%     41.55% |        3916      3.10%     44.65% |        3926      3.11%     47.75% |        3891      3.08%     50.83% |        3910      3.09%     53.92% |        3893      3.08%     57.00% |        3880      3.07%     60.07% |        3909      3.09%     63.16% |        3910      3.09%     66.26% |        3903      3.09%     69.34% |        3912      3.09%     72.44% |        3854      3.05%     75.49% |        3893      3.08%     78.56% |        3905      3.09%     81.65% |        3861      3.05%     84.71% |        3848      3.04%     87.75% |        3886      3.07%     90.83% |        3860      3.05%     93.88% |        3851      3.05%     96.92% |        3888      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         450      3.23%      3.23% |         407      2.92%      6.16% |         426      3.06%      9.22% |         415      2.98%     12.20% |         440      3.16%     15.36% |         418      3.00%     18.36% |         421      3.02%     21.39% |         427      3.07%     24.46% |         423      3.04%     27.50% |         460      3.31%     30.80% |         439      3.15%     33.96% |         438      3.15%     37.10% |         472      3.39%     40.49% |         474      3.41%     43.90% |         462      3.32%     47.22% |         448      3.22%     50.44% |         466      3.35%     53.79% |         443      3.18%     56.97% |         451      3.24%     60.21% |         410      2.95%     63.16% |         401      2.88%     66.04% |         444      3.19%     69.23% |         411      2.95%     72.18% |         418      3.00%     75.18% |         438      3.15%     78.33% |         451      3.24%     81.57% |         465      3.34%     84.91% |         434      3.12%     88.03% |         419      3.01%     91.04% |         413      2.97%     94.01% |         427      3.07%     97.08% |         407      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.78% |        5158      3.11%     21.89% |        5156      3.11%     25.00% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.25% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5163      3.12%     50.00% |        5181      3.13%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.38% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.77% |        5173      3.12%     71.89% |        5169      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.13% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5173      3.12%     87.51% |        5175      3.12%     90.63% |        5176      3.12%     93.76% |        5186      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          53      2.82%      2.82% |          67      3.56%      6.38% |          44      2.34%      8.71% |          67      3.56%     12.27% |          52      2.76%     15.04% |          58      3.08%     18.12% |          51      2.71%     20.83% |          51      2.71%     23.54% |          52      2.76%     26.30% |          64      3.40%     29.70% |          56      2.98%     32.68% |          66      3.51%     36.18% |          66      3.51%     39.69% |          54      2.87%     42.56% |          64      3.40%     45.96% |          52      2.76%     48.72% |          45      2.39%     51.12% |          59      3.13%     54.25% |          70      3.72%     57.97% |          63      3.35%     61.32% |          59      3.13%     64.45% |          62      3.29%     67.75% |          66      3.51%     71.25% |          63      3.35%     74.60% |          69      3.67%     78.27% |          58      3.08%     81.35% |          63      3.35%     84.70% |          73      3.88%     88.58% |          44      2.34%     90.91% |          60      3.19%     94.10% |          58      3.08%     97.18% |          53      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         1882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          81      2.56%      2.56% |          71      2.25%      4.81% |          66      2.09%      6.89% |          86      2.72%      9.61% |          64      2.02%     11.64% |          99      3.13%     14.77% |          80      2.53%     17.30% |          97      3.07%     20.37% |          79      2.50%     22.87% |          72      2.28%     25.14% |         100      3.16%     28.30% |         121      3.83%     32.13% |         101      3.19%     35.33% |         127      4.02%     39.34% |         104      3.29%     42.63% |          98      3.10%     45.73% |          90      2.85%     48.58% |         113      3.57%     52.15% |          97      3.07%     55.22% |         135      4.27%     59.49% |          93      2.94%     62.43% |          91      2.88%     65.31% |         108      3.42%     68.72% |         125      3.95%     72.68% |         137      4.33%     77.01% |         103      3.26%     80.27% |         139      4.40%     84.66% |         138      4.36%     89.03% |          65      2.06%     91.08% |         100      3.16%     94.24% |          78      2.47%     96.71% |         104      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         131      2.55%      2.55% |         118      2.30%      4.84% |         129      2.51%      7.35% |         153      2.98%     10.33% |         132      2.57%     12.90% |         149      2.90%     15.79% |         139      2.70%     18.50% |         135      2.63%     21.12% |         166      3.23%     24.35% |         128      2.49%     26.84% |         134      2.61%     29.45% |         163      3.17%     32.62% |         171      3.33%     35.95% |         156      3.03%     38.98% |         182      3.54%     42.52% |         156      3.03%     45.56% |         148      2.88%     48.43% |         139      2.70%     51.14% |         197      3.83%     54.97% |         205      3.99%     58.96% |         181      3.52%     62.48% |         172      3.35%     65.82% |         169      3.29%     69.11% |         214      4.16%     73.27% |         211      4.10%     77.38% |         183      3.56%     80.94% |         201      3.91%     84.85% |         234      4.55%     89.40% |         133      2.59%     91.99% |         135      2.63%     94.61% |         138      2.68%     97.30% |         139      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         5141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7674      3.20%      3.20% |        7432      3.10%      6.29% |        7423      3.09%      9.39% |        7477      3.12%     12.50% |        7712      3.21%     15.71% |        7495      3.12%     18.84% |        7443      3.10%     21.94% |        7440      3.10%     25.04% |        7632      3.18%     28.22% |        7533      3.14%     31.35% |        7440      3.10%     34.45% |        7448      3.10%     37.56% |        7600      3.17%     40.72% |        7462      3.11%     43.83% |        7520      3.13%     46.96% |        7458      3.11%     50.07% |        7610      3.17%     53.24% |        7453      3.11%     56.35% |        7506      3.13%     59.47% |        7432      3.10%     62.57% |        7605      3.17%     65.74% |        7396      3.08%     68.82% |        7491      3.12%     71.94% |        7517      3.13%     75.07% |        7590      3.16%     78.23% |        7368      3.07%     81.30% |        7437      3.10%     84.40% |        7442      3.10%     87.50% |        7648      3.19%     90.69% |        7425      3.09%     93.78% |        7438      3.10%     96.88% |        7485      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       240032                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         126      2.60%      2.60% |         140      2.89%      5.50% |         122      2.52%      8.02% |         129      2.67%     10.68% |         131      2.71%     13.39% |         133      2.75%     16.14% |         116      2.40%     18.54% |         157      3.24%     21.78% |         152      3.14%     24.92% |         129      2.67%     27.59% |         138      2.85%     30.44% |         150      3.10%     33.54% |         158      3.27%     36.81% |         169      3.49%     40.30% |         143      2.96%     43.25% |         148      3.06%     46.31% |         155      3.20%     49.51% |         151      3.12%     52.63% |         169      3.49%     56.13% |         184      3.80%     59.93% |         136      2.81%     62.74% |         164      3.39%     66.13% |         156      3.22%     69.35% |         170      3.51%     72.87% |         186      3.84%     76.71% |         152      3.14%     79.85% |         175      3.62%     83.47% |         197      4.07%     87.54% |         153      3.16%     90.70% |         138      2.85%     93.55% |         139      2.87%     96.42% |         173      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         4839                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          73      2.30%      2.30% |          79      2.49%      4.78% |          72      2.26%      7.05% |          82      2.58%      9.63% |          79      2.49%     12.11% |          99      3.11%     15.22% |          82      2.58%     17.80% |          80      2.52%     20.32% |          89      2.80%     23.12% |          83      2.61%     25.73% |          96      3.02%     28.75% |         102      3.21%     31.96% |          97      3.05%     35.01% |         105      3.30%     38.31% |         118      3.71%     42.03% |          90      2.83%     44.86% |         100      3.15%     48.00% |          95      2.99%     50.99% |         126      3.96%     54.95% |         144      4.53%     59.48% |          97      3.05%     62.54% |          91      2.86%     65.40% |         110      3.46%     68.86% |         138      4.34%     73.20% |         142      4.47%     77.67% |         117      3.68%     81.35% |         127      3.99%     85.34% |         140      4.40%     89.75% |          88      2.77%     92.51% |          81      2.55%     95.06% |          73      2.30%     97.36% |          84      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       52277      6.77%      6.77% |       24187      3.13%      9.90% |       22854      2.96%     12.86% |       23719      3.07%     15.93% |       23106      2.99%     18.92% |       22587      2.92%     21.84% |       22231      2.88%     24.72% |       22284      2.88%     27.61% |       22694      2.94%     30.55% |       22958      2.97%     33.52% |       24769      3.21%     36.72% |       25077      3.25%     39.97% |       23359      3.02%     42.99% |       22807      2.95%     45.95% |       21906      2.84%     48.78% |       22367      2.90%     51.68% |       23503      3.04%     54.72% |       22850      2.96%     57.68% |       23100      2.99%     60.67% |       23163      3.00%     63.67% |       23069      2.99%     66.66% |       25335      3.28%     69.94% |       22754      2.95%     72.88% |       22383      2.90%     75.78% |       23126      2.99%     78.77% |       23352      3.02%     81.80% |       22828      2.96%     84.75% |       22776      2.95%     87.70% |       22847      2.96%     90.66% |       22527      2.92%     93.57% |       23637      3.06%     96.63% |       25996      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       772428                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          73      2.30%      2.30% |          79      2.49%      4.79% |          83      2.62%      7.41% |          95      2.99%     10.40% |          63      1.99%     12.39% |          92      2.90%     15.29% |          74      2.33%     17.62% |          80      2.52%     20.14% |          91      2.87%     23.01% |          80      2.52%     25.53% |          96      3.03%     28.55% |         115      3.62%     32.18% |         120      3.78%     35.96% |         101      3.18%     39.14% |         101      3.18%     42.33% |          92      2.90%     45.23% |         102      3.21%     48.44% |         112      3.53%     51.97% |         101      3.18%     55.15% |         131      4.13%     59.28% |          94      2.96%     62.24% |         105      3.31%     65.55% |          99      3.12%     68.67% |         120      3.78%     72.46% |         138      4.35%     76.80% |         116      3.66%     80.46% |         134      4.22%     84.68% |         130      4.10%     88.78% |          67      2.11%     90.89% |          91      2.87%     93.76% |          89      2.80%     96.56% |         109      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          37      2.50%      2.50% |          34      2.30%      4.79% |          36      2.43%      7.22% |          42      2.84%     10.06% |          30      2.03%     12.09% |          45      3.04%     15.12% |          33      2.23%     17.35% |          39      2.63%     19.99% |          35      2.36%     22.35% |          26      1.76%     24.11% |          38      2.57%     26.67% |          51      3.44%     30.11% |          44      2.97%     33.09% |          44      2.97%     36.06% |          49      3.31%     39.37% |          42      2.84%     42.20% |          45      3.04%     45.24% |          55      3.71%     48.95% |          49      3.31%     52.26% |          57      3.85%     56.11% |          54      3.65%     59.76% |          51      3.44%     63.20% |          62      4.19%     67.39% |          53      3.58%     70.97% |          58      3.92%     74.88% |          69      4.66%     79.54% |          70      4.73%     84.27% |          60      4.05%     88.32% |          43      2.90%     91.22% |          47      3.17%     94.40% |          48      3.24%     97.64% |          35      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          11      3.90%      3.90% |          14      4.96%      8.87% |           9      3.19%     12.06% |           8      2.84%     14.89% |           9      3.19%     18.09% |           5      1.77%     19.86% |           9      3.19%     23.05% |           9      3.19%     26.24% |           5      1.77%     28.01% |           8      2.84%     30.85% |           5      1.77%     32.62% |          10      3.55%     36.17% |          10      3.55%     39.72% |          12      4.26%     43.97% |          11      3.90%     47.87% |           9      3.19%     51.06% |          13      4.61%     55.67% |          10      3.55%     59.22% |           9      3.19%     62.41% |           7      2.48%     64.89% |           4      1.42%     66.31% |           9      3.19%     69.50% |           7      2.48%     71.99% |           5      1.77%     73.76% |           6      2.13%     75.89% |          14      4.96%     80.85% |           9      3.19%     84.04% |           8      2.84%     86.88% |           6      2.13%     89.01% |          11      3.90%     92.91% |          10      3.55%     96.45% |          10      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6908      3.26%      3.26% |        6631      3.13%      6.40% |        6546      3.09%      9.49% |        6557      3.10%     12.59% |        6905      3.26%     15.86% |        6599      3.12%     18.97% |        6531      3.09%     22.06% |        6505      3.07%     25.14% |        6634      3.14%     28.27% |        6601      3.12%     31.39% |        6585      3.11%     34.50% |        6517      3.08%     37.58% |        6727      3.18%     40.76% |        6533      3.09%     43.85% |        6673      3.15%     47.00% |        6651      3.14%     50.15% |        6722      3.18%     53.32% |        6548      3.09%     56.42% |        6597      3.12%     59.54% |        6542      3.09%     62.63% |        6623      3.13%     65.76% |        6490      3.07%     68.83% |        6626      3.13%     71.96% |        6670      3.15%     75.11% |        6657      3.15%     78.26% |        6504      3.07%     81.33% |        6531      3.09%     84.42% |        6527      3.08%     87.50% |        6819      3.22%     90.72% |        6459      3.05%     93.78% |        6599      3.12%     96.90% |        6567      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       211584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         738      3.23%      3.23% |         729      3.20%      6.43% |         714      3.13%      9.56% |         712      3.12%     12.68% |         708      3.10%     15.78% |         708      3.10%     18.89% |         715      3.13%     22.02% |         705      3.09%     25.11% |         731      3.20%     28.31% |         697      3.05%     31.37% |         712      3.12%     34.49% |         713      3.12%     37.61% |         713      3.12%     40.74% |         707      3.10%     43.84% |         712      3.12%     46.96% |         717      3.14%     50.10% |         703      3.08%     53.18% |         713      3.12%     56.31% |         689      3.02%     59.33% |         704      3.09%     62.41% |         717      3.14%     65.55% |         698      3.06%     68.61% |         724      3.17%     71.79% |         711      3.12%     74.90% |         718      3.15%     78.05% |         712      3.12%     81.17% |         703      3.08%     84.25% |         698      3.06%     87.31% |         720      3.16%     90.47% |         721      3.16%     93.63% |         726      3.18%     96.81% |         728      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        22816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          44      0.72%      0.72% |          94      1.54%      2.26% |         172      2.82%      5.08% |         224      3.67%      8.75% |         102      1.67%     10.42% |         208      3.41%     13.82% |         217      3.55%     17.38% |         249      4.08%     21.45% |         293      4.80%     26.25% |         235      3.85%     30.10% |         172      2.82%     32.92% |         237      3.88%     36.80% |         163      2.67%     39.47% |         226      3.70%     43.17% |         150      2.46%     45.63% |         111      1.82%     47.45% |         192      3.14%     50.59% |         208      3.41%     54.00% |         209      3.42%     57.42% |         204      3.34%     60.76% |         285      4.67%     65.43% |         211      3.46%     68.88% |         161      2.64%     71.52% |         148      2.42%     73.94% |         233      3.82%     77.76% |         166      2.72%     80.48% |         209      3.42%     83.90% |         227      3.72%     87.62% |         133      2.18%     89.80% |         272      4.45%     94.25% |         137      2.24%     96.50% |         214      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          44      0.77%      0.77% |          90      1.57%      2.33% |         167      2.91%      5.24% |         210      3.65%      8.89% |          96      1.67%     10.56% |         194      3.38%     13.94% |         209      3.64%     17.57% |         233      4.05%     21.62% |         276      4.80%     26.43% |         228      3.97%     30.39% |         159      2.77%     33.16% |         220      3.83%     36.99% |         152      2.64%     39.63% |         215      3.74%     43.37% |         141      2.45%     45.82% |         100      1.74%     47.56% |         179      3.11%     50.68% |         194      3.38%     54.05% |         199      3.46%     57.52% |         189      3.29%     60.80% |         262      4.56%     65.36% |         200      3.48%     68.84% |         146      2.54%     71.38% |         141      2.45%     73.83% |         225      3.91%     77.75% |         152      2.64%     80.39% |         195      3.39%     83.79% |         218      3.79%     87.58% |         122      2.12%     89.70% |         257      4.47%     94.17% |         134      2.33%     96.50% |         201      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      1.12%      1.12% |           5      1.40%      2.51% |          14      3.91%      6.42% |           6      1.68%      8.10% |          14      3.91%     12.01% |           8      2.23%     14.25% |          16      4.47%     18.72% |          17      4.75%     23.46% |           7      1.96%     25.42% |          13      3.63%     29.05% |          17      4.75%     33.80% |          11      3.07%     36.87% |          11      3.07%     39.94% |           9      2.51%     42.46% |          11      3.07%     45.53% |          13      3.63%     49.16% |          14      3.91%     53.07% |          10      2.79%     55.87% |          15      4.19%     60.06% |          23      6.42%     66.48% |          11      3.07%     69.55% |          15      4.19%     73.74% |           7      1.96%     75.70% |           8      2.23%     77.93% |          14      3.91%     81.84% |          14      3.91%     85.75% |           9      2.51%     88.27% |          11      3.07%     91.34% |          15      4.19%     95.53% |           3      0.84%     96.37% |          13      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          358                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          27      2.80%      2.80% |          37      3.83%      6.63% |          29      3.00%      9.63% |          24      2.48%     12.11% |          33      3.42%     15.53% |          31      3.21%     18.74% |          22      2.28%     21.01% |          27      2.80%     23.81% |          28      2.90%     26.71% |          21      2.17%     28.88% |          27      2.80%     31.68% |          18      1.86%     33.54% |          28      2.90%     36.44% |          36      3.73%     40.17% |          25      2.59%     42.75% |          27      2.80%     45.55% |          30      3.11%     48.65% |          31      3.21%     51.86% |          38      3.93%     55.80% |          32      3.31%     59.11% |          29      3.00%     62.11% |          31      3.21%     65.32% |          41      4.24%     69.57% |          31      3.21%     72.77% |          34      3.52%     76.29% |          37      3.83%     80.12% |          29      3.00%     83.13% |          36      3.73%     86.85% |          43      4.45%     91.30% |          26      2.69%     94.00% |          32      3.31%     97.31% |          26      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          966                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          17      4.18%      4.18% |          14      3.44%      7.62% |           8      1.97%      9.58% |          11      2.70%     12.29% |          13      3.19%     15.48% |          10      2.46%     17.94% |          14      3.44%     21.38% |           9      2.21%     23.59% |          17      4.18%     27.76% |          23      5.65%     33.42% |          16      3.93%     37.35% |          14      3.44%     40.79% |           8      1.97%     42.75% |          10      2.46%     45.21% |          10      2.46%     47.67% |           9      2.21%     49.88% |          13      3.19%     53.07% |          21      5.16%     58.23% |          12      2.95%     61.18% |           6      1.47%     62.65% |          15      3.69%     66.34% |          10      2.46%     68.80% |           8      1.97%     70.76% |          18      4.42%     75.18% |          10      2.46%     77.64% |          12      2.95%     80.59% |          15      3.69%     84.28% |          19      4.67%     88.94% |           9      2.21%     91.15% |          13      3.19%     94.35% |          10      2.46%     96.81% |          13      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           9      3.03%      3.03% |          15      5.05%      8.08% |           7      2.36%     10.44% |          10      3.37%     13.80% |          11      3.70%     17.51% |          11      3.70%     21.21% |           6      2.02%     23.23% |           8      2.69%     25.93% |          10      3.37%     29.29% |           5      1.68%     30.98% |           9      3.03%     34.01% |           9      3.03%     37.04% |           8      2.69%     39.73% |          10      3.37%     43.10% |          11      3.70%     46.80% |          15      5.05%     51.85% |           8      2.69%     54.55% |          11      3.70%     58.25% |          12      4.04%     62.29% |           9      3.03%     65.32% |           6      2.02%     67.34% |           8      2.69%     70.03% |          12      4.04%     74.07% |           9      3.03%     77.10% |          15      5.05%     82.15% |           8      2.69%     84.85% |           5      1.68%     86.53% |           7      2.36%     88.89% |           8      2.69%     91.58% |           8      2.69%     94.28% |          11      3.70%     97.98% |           6      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          297                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7646      3.26%      3.26% |        7360      3.14%      6.40% |        7260      3.10%      9.50% |        7269      3.10%     12.60% |        7613      3.25%     15.85% |        7307      3.12%     18.97% |        7246      3.09%     22.06% |        7210      3.08%     25.13% |        7365      3.14%     28.27% |        7298      3.11%     31.39% |        7297      3.11%     34.50% |        7230      3.08%     37.59% |        7440      3.17%     40.76% |        7240      3.09%     43.85% |        7385      3.15%     47.00% |        7368      3.14%     50.14% |        7425      3.17%     53.31% |        7261      3.10%     56.41% |        7286      3.11%     59.52% |        7246      3.09%     62.61% |        7340      3.13%     65.74% |        7188      3.07%     68.81% |        7350      3.14%     71.94% |        7381      3.15%     75.09% |        7375      3.15%     78.24% |        7216      3.08%     81.31% |        7234      3.09%     84.40% |        7225      3.08%     87.48% |        7539      3.22%     90.70% |        7180      3.06%     93.76% |        7325      3.12%     96.89% |        7295      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       234400                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      308630     17.96%     17.96% |      859029     50.00%     67.96% |       68407      3.98%     71.95% |       74103      4.31%     76.26% |       68473      3.99%     80.24% |       74351      4.33%     84.57% |       68464      3.98%     88.56% |       75411      4.39%     92.95% |       59227      3.45%     96.39% |       61963      3.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1718058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      308630     17.96%     17.96% |      859029     50.00%     67.96% |       68407      3.98%     71.95% |       74103      4.31%     76.26% |       68473      3.99%     80.24% |       74351      4.33%     84.57% |       68464      3.98%     88.56% |       75411      4.39%     92.95% |       59227      3.45%     96.39% |       61963      3.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1718058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      308630     17.96%     17.96% |      859029     50.00%     67.96% |       68407      3.98%     71.95% |       74103      4.31%     76.26% |       68473      3.99%     80.24% |       74351      4.33%     84.57% |       68464      3.98%     88.56% |       75411      4.39%     92.95% |       59227      3.45%     96.39% |       61963      3.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1718058                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      308630     17.96%     17.96% |      859029     50.00%     67.96% |       68407      3.98%     71.95% |       74103      4.31%     76.26% |       68473      3.99%     80.24% |       74351      4.33%     84.57% |       68464      3.98%     88.56% |       75411      4.39%     92.95% |       59227      3.45%     96.39% |       61963      3.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1718058                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
