
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.068425                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68425043500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5244593122000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95056                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               74268594                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4830692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   921.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50614576                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      87577238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14043136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14043136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    205233863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            205233863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     58593752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            58593752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    263827615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           263827615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14041472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4009088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14043136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4009280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      227                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      149                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  68424551500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 194363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  22352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        68704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.716348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.342378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   269.700587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22720     33.07%     33.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18503     26.93%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15008     21.84%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2692      3.92%     85.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1863      2.71%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1249      1.82%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1153      1.68%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          931      1.36%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4585      6.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        68704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.550162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    78.625947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12017     97.07%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          167      1.35%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           85      0.69%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           38      0.31%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           51      0.41%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.059935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.041748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.613914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12323     99.54%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            19      0.15%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            9      0.07%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           29      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1971430153                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6085142653                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8985.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27735.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      205.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       58.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   205.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    58.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  173438                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  39890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                79.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    242580.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10897284000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    55236148500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              264985560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              254386440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              144585375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              138802125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862960800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             848187600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205811280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200108880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        31260298815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        30633577830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13629508500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14179263750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          50836867050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          50723043345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.033094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.369444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13860288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13860288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3841984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3841984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    202561625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            202561625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56148799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            56148799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258710424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258710424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60031                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13858560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3841984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13860288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3841984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       70                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  68424293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216567                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60031                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 191337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  22646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        64379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   274.922941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.430459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   275.712041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19299     29.98%     29.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17934     27.86%     57.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14623     22.71%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2604      4.04%     84.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1938      3.01%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1307      2.03%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1067      1.66%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          963      1.50%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4644      7.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        64379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.236399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    82.599742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11524     97.05%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          148      1.25%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           83      0.70%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           39      0.33%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           54      0.45%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.055668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.040249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.545435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11810     99.46%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            37      0.31%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           13      0.11%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           14      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1786394439                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5846519439                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8249.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26999.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      202.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       56.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   202.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    56.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  171995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  40189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    247378.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11321151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    54812780250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              249321240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              237361320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              136038375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              129512625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             852173400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836690400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197691840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191276640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        30964925385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        30090561345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13888608000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14655594000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          50757474960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          50609713050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.872697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.713005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13861888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13861888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3843648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3843648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    202585008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            202585008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56173117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            56173117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258758126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258758126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216592                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60057                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60057                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13861056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3843392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13861888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3843648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                       57                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       80                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  68424325500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60057                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 191858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                    82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        64344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   275.135149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.436698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.000819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19370     30.10%     30.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17611     27.37%     57.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14816     23.03%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2637      4.10%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1934      3.01%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1273      1.98%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1064      1.65%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          968      1.50%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4671      7.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        64344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.050417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    79.295862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11541     97.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          145      1.22%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           77      0.65%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           33      0.28%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           58      0.49%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.054541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.038892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.554948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11815     99.44%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            40      0.34%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            9      0.08%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1808540209                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5869396459                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8350.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27100.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      202.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       56.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   202.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    56.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  172056                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  40223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    247332.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11248941000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    54884621500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              249585840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              236847240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              136182750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              129232125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             852352800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836815200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197769600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191373840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        30911548590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        30225317040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13935429750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14537387250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          50751586050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          50625689415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          741.786625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.946516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13847104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13847104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    202368947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            202368947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56118868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            56118868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    258487815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           258487815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216362                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216362                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13846400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3839744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13847168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3839936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       78                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  68424298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216362                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 191408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        64133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   275.757941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.081765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.054353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19166     29.88%     29.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17613     27.46%     57.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14809     23.09%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2649      4.13%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1946      3.03%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1226      1.91%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1091      1.70%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          962      1.50%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4671      7.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        64133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.055542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    80.900903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11523     97.12%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          142      1.20%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           76      0.64%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           39      0.33%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           61      0.51%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      0.04%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.056553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.040247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.568996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11802     99.47%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            33      0.28%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           12      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           18      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1789184422                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5845746922                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8269.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27019.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      202.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       56.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   202.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    56.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  171934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  40274                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    247590.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11125634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    55008055750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              248164560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              236680920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              135407250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              129141375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851019000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             836394000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        30846877245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        30030804540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13992159000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14708012250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          50739737535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          50601130125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          741.613447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.587557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              461108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              114108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7478966                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.278239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                22.970666                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                10.977035                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7476755     99.97%     99.97% |        2023      0.03%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7478966                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     26502012                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.595674                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.424517                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.889496                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    25642345     96.76%     96.76% |      850395      3.21%     99.97% |        4991      0.02%     99.98% |        1279      0.00%     99.99% |         648      0.00%     99.99% |         692      0.00%     99.99% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |         426      0.00%    100.00% |         875      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      26502012                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            26502009                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              10.894748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.593432                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             41.316110                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    26487586     99.95%     99.95% |       13886      0.05%    100.00% |         345      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              26502009                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        25276183                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000186                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000160                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013629                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25271495     99.98%     99.98% |        4687      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          25276183                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225826                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        173.678370                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       148.379566                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        95.507571                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1211403     98.82%     98.82% |       13886      1.13%     99.96% |         345      0.03%     99.98% |         127      0.01%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225826                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         828184                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       828184                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     18227720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441492                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     18669212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6249009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6373697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111512                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22727                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53046                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2260899                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       200814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       176929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       377743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3116                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       199898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       161058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       360956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       198943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       160557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       359500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           99                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       199799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       161029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       360828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           79                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9134                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27067                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         9055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9118                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27056                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37224                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37223                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8737                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           57                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9484730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9484730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9550159                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9484730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4680894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4679878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9484730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069307                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6048293                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6048293                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6069858                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6048293                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3976546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3973161                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6048293                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.044196                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4912433                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4912433                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4937142                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4912433                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2484641                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2484045                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4912433                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4596032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4596032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4613315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4596032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2513186                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2512332                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4596032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.033584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4444544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4444544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4457858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4444544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2603912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2603476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4444544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4651959                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4651959                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4665141                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4651959                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2760470                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2760035                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4651959                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.033993                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4016320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4016320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4031326                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4016320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1464062                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1463840                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4016320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029348                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2836286                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2836286                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2840788                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2836286                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1095447                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1095354                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2836286                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020725                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1666622                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821918                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821887                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012169                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1746661                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1746661                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748070                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1746661                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       965248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       965169                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1746661                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.012763                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1553316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1553316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1554826                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1553316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       681566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       681544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1553316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011350                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1790624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1790624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1791877                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1790624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       838518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       838488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1790624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.013085                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2049683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2049683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2051499                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2049683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1064383                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1064319                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2049683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1676245                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1676245                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1677561                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1676245                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       711571                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       711545                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1676244                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.012249                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       883472                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       883472                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       884587                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       883472                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395169                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395140                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       883472                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1481659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1481659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1484759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1481659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       671712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       671643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1481659                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010827                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2024109                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2024109                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2027651                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2024109                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       817963                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       817897                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2024109                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014791                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1635799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1635799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1637517                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1635799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694785                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694759                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1635799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.011953                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1584775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1584775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1587887                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733211                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733127                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1584775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011580                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       892139                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       892139                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893198                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       892139                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398596                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398575                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       892139                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       913438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       913438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       913654                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       913438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474319                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474318                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       913438                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006675                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1009963                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1009963                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1010355                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1009963                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       564139                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564095                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1009963                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007380                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       918304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       918304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       918759                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       444732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       444732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       918304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       591372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       591372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       591372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       591372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       274116                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       274116                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       591372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004321                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       873528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       873528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       873697                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       873528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       430032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       430032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       873528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006383                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       996580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       996580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       996958                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       996580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       552593                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       552548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       996580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       904072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       904072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       904465                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       904072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       432113                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       432112                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       904072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006606                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       598168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       598168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       598168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       598168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275768                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275768                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       598168                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3737015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3737015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3752468                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3737015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1770175                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3737015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.027307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3840875                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3840875                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3855884                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3840875                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1843778                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1843431                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3840875                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.028066                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3712308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3712308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3723219                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3712308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1582658                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1582344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3712308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.027127                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3862386                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3862386                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3874730                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3862386                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1686595                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1686282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3862386                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.028223                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6394032     29.49%     29.49% |    14167560     65.34%     94.83% |     1120454      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21682046                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6394034     29.49%     29.49% |    14167561     65.34%     94.83% |     1120454      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21682049                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   151251670                       |   332985883                       |    25205757                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15462874                       |    45537571                       |     1120475                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   23.655132                       |   23.503404                       |   22.496021                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.418329                       |    3.214214                       |    1.000019                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.496090                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.865086                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.361176                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002458                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052966      7.00%      7.00% |    0.053109      7.01%     14.01% |    0.052931      6.99%     21.00% |    0.053049      7.01%     28.01% |    0.125832     16.62%     44.63% |    0.125841     16.62%     61.25% |    0.125853     16.62%     77.87% |    0.125851     16.62%     94.49% |    0.010425      1.38%     95.87% |    0.010429      1.38%     97.25% |    0.010427      1.38%     98.62% |    0.010426      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.757139                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.018709                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019785                       |    0.000002                       |    0.004306                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003740                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004306                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002160                       |    0.002166                       |    0.002174                       |    0.002150                       |    0.002129                       |    0.002098                       |    0.002209                       |    0.002198                       |    0.002240                       |    0.002183                       |    0.002153                       |    0.002142                       |    0.002128                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002247                       |    0.002158                       |    0.002174                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002151                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002168                       |    0.002119                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002147                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002159                       |    0.002190                       |    0.002180                       |    0.002279                       |    0.002316                       |    0.009609                       |    0.009481                       |    0.009482                       |    0.009472                       |    0.000179                       |           0                       |    0.000559                       |    0.006615                       |    0.001536                       |    0.001518                       |    0.001486                       |    0.001516                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.000181                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002330                       |    0.001921                       |           0                       |    0.002269                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |    0.004539                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.002268                       |    0.004850                       |           0                       |    0.006799                       |    0.009066                       |    0.004325                       |    0.007750                       |    0.002238                       |    0.001536                       |    0.007666                       |    0.007890                       |    0.008816                       |    0.007056                       |    0.002225                       |    0.001518                       |    0.009499                       |    0.007127                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.002217                       |    0.004732                       |           0                       |    0.009492                       |    0.006713                       |    0.004912                       |           0                       |    0.002236                       |           0                       |    0.004383                       |    0.003362                       |    0.003104                       |           0                       |    0.002260                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.002224                       |           0                       |    0.000907                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002098                       |           0                       |    0.002227                       |           0                       |    0.000831                       |    0.003219                       |    0.004350                       |    0.002136                       |    0.007035                       |    0.002246                       |    0.001486                       |    0.003304                       |    0.006490                       |    0.009126                       |    0.002790                       |    0.024008                       |    0.003710                       |    0.000559                       |    0.009330                       |    0.012338                       |    0.016042                       |    0.003320                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002244                       |    0.006615                       |    0.008782                       |    0.010623                       |    0.012706                       |    0.003224                       |    0.007055                       |    0.002210                       |    0.001516                       |    0.004894                       |    0.008498                       |    0.006394                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.002236                       |           0                       |    0.001988                       |    0.004300                       |    0.003212                       |    0.003242                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.000821                       |    0.002147                       |    0.002098                       |           0                       |    0.002251                       |           0                       |    0.000089                       |    0.002168                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002289                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002445                       |    0.004408                       |    0.002209                       |           0                       |    0.002323                       |    0.004733                       |           0                       |    0.004076                       |    0.004807                       |    0.008998                       |    0.002191                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.016092                       |    0.004657                       |    0.004101                       |    0.002291                       |           0                       |    0.002190                       |           0                       |    0.004681                       |    0.007611                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.002319                       |    0.004728                       |           0                       |    0.004671                       |    0.009544                       |    0.004713                       |    0.002248                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.001179                       |    0.004294                       |    0.002357                       |    0.002219                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002212                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002209                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004247                       |           0                       |    0.002191                       |           0                       |    0.003510                       |           0                       |    0.005126                       |           0                       |    0.002291                       |           0                       |    0.007291                       |    0.002273                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.005126                       |    0.002857                       |           0                       |    0.002248                       |           0                       |    0.004683                       |    0.004649                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002219                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004300                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002212                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002159                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.757139                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9170475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9170475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341624                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6895031                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6264873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.860694                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1117232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15348843                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52831                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            12927458                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             45050                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15401674                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        12972508                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28276301                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97881                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28374182                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              6380837                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9749                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          6390586                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   6380837                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9749                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               6390586                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                130021714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22190761                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               59009965                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9170475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      7382105                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             102780611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          757600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       237973                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       323033                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           6380162                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        138232                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3940                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    126219953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.832017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.176709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        106457982     84.34%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1880467      1.49%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1406787      1.11%     86.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3050396      2.42%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2111797      1.67%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           825724      0.65%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2169727      1.72%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           958801      0.76%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7358272      5.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    126219953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.070530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.453847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11155054                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     101154671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5936282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7595139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       99262285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13720411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        58162079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6505409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10471990                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      36981257                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       97847586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13714294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         358385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    103986112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     224544868                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    148059482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      91491112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12494985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       177062                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          44763749                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     10217824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13152003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4499222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4108837                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           95398808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1032907                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          99288235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7825012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12094005                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62948                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    126219953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.786629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.448467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     84556582     66.99%     66.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18077660     14.32%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7616337      6.03%     87.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6306792      5.00%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4004059      3.17%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3640357      2.88%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483231      1.18%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339362      0.27%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195573      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    126219953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181203     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631966     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84580      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273194      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      70427399     70.93%     71.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28138      0.03%     71.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52376      0.05%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15487987     15.60%     86.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13019141     13.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       99288235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.763628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897749                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009042                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    325866599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    104264000                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     92769963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       99912742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3881066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1156422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2683                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       520295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5969663                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         9147431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34905201                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     96431715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      10217824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13152003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1023687                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1097193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214168                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      98710095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15337983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28280240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7604471                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           12942257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.759182                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               92850470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              92769999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          55761720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          97524960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.713496                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.571769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8841991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       969959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    124826672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.701591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.724104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     96650107     77.43%     77.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10609979      8.50%     85.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4749149      3.80%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2834318      2.27%     92.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3018618      2.42%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2459790      1.97%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       481027      0.39%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483052      0.39%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3540632      2.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    124826672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     50614575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       87577235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               21693105                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               9061398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7222409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          87202839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1038256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159110      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     65647217     74.96%     75.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26935      0.03%     75.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50868      0.06%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      9061398     10.35%     85.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     12631707     14.42%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     87577235                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3540632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            217631027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           194238108                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3801761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            50614575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              87577235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.568859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.568859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.389278                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.389278                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        150971607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        71894040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32005659                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25377375                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43294908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         169048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              19326715500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            19326715499.999977                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.07374e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3414046                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.795210                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.100191                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.686774                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3411836     99.94%     99.94% |        2022      0.06%     99.99% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3414046                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4042948                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.862342                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.878467                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.284803                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      644625     15.94%     15.94% |     2243097     55.48%     71.43% |     1134244     28.05%     99.48% |       20943      0.52%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4042948                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         21972                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.477244                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.096846                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.430958                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         692      3.15%      3.15% |        3628     16.51%     19.66% |       10075     45.85%     65.52% |        4228     19.24%     84.76% |        3249     14.79%     99.54% |         100      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           21972                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7271260                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           23.811189                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.686058                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          66.804333                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7260063     99.85%     99.85% |       10665      0.15%     99.99% |         340      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7271260                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6467177                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000437                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000377                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020918                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6464354     99.96%     99.96% |        2822      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6467177                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804083                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     191.190446                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    169.111736                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     94.116005                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      792886     98.61%     98.61% |       10665      1.33%     99.93% |         340      0.04%     99.98% |         127      0.02%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804083                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         12699312                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            6.678513                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.273450                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          27.667934                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    12510111     98.51%     98.51% |      167053      1.32%     99.83% |       18871      0.15%     99.97% |         313      0.00%     99.98% |        1285      0.01%     99.99% |        1489      0.01%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           12699312                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     12411595                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000140                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000121                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011839                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12409855     99.99%     99.99% |        1740      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       12411595                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287717                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.356913                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.772104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.587643                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98516     34.24%     34.24% |      167053     58.06%     92.30% |       18871      6.56%     98.86% |         313      0.11%     98.97% |        1285      0.45%     99.42% |        1489      0.52%     99.93% |         183      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      6373695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.612626                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.195336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.903065                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     6359644     99.78%     99.78% |       11505      0.18%     99.96% |        2278      0.04%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        6373695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6249009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000400                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6249008    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6249009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124686                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.434171                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.424265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.731167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110635     88.73%     88.73% |       11505      9.23%     97.96% |        2278      1.83%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.82% |          93      0.07%     99.90% |         114      0.09%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.803988                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.651170                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.369838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154413     98.71%     98.71% |        1561      1.00%     99.71% |         400      0.26%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147124                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000843                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000727                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.029019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      147000     99.92%     99.92% |         124      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147124                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.509882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    81.080599                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.969800                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7289     78.29%     78.29% |        1561     16.77%     95.06% |         400      4.30%     99.36% |          19      0.20%     99.56% |          19      0.20%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9310                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.359327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.450811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.654853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.76%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13469                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       555064                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63065                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   109367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   217714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    14924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   109373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    15580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   217886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    14926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  109336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   14147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  217834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                  109344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   15578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  217735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   14936                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                     115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                14376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               219264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                15832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               219392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               14376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              219392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses              110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               15832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              219264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  324366                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139737273789660                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139737274099898                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  418955                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  236096                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30828992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               392604833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               392921910                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               392615632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               392447901                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              392236000                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              392649505                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              392952360                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              392662038                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              392474142                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              392239200                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              392615137                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              392940521                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              392626451                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              392454163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    6696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  216960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    7128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  217088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   6696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 217088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                 108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   7128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 216960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   8704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  7680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  8704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               107076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               215434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits               107077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 6910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               215606                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12622                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              107041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                6490                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              215547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits              107049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                6907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              215464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               12632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1500                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1526                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1499                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                178                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1535                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1541                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses              1527                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               168                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2291                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               2295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7657                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               8671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               2271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               33                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               33                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 755181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               16804020                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2213464                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               17250670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                1361214                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               16719098                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2280489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles               17239860                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                1302459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles              16525660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2192766                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles              17040245                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               1320053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles              16529583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2299179                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles              17035096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1301616                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                662719                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              16634750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2104624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              17076751                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1309755                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              16553615                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2178173                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles              17068533                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1256015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             16357595                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2088369                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             16866494                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1271560                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles             16364405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2196392                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles             16863877                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1255153                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             270018                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1140973                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             866666                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1157271                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             186289                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1138285                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             854628                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1157369                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             184184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1145571                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            864149                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1158959                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            185718                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1146033                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            869477                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1158924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            186400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               913996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               228429                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               232958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               239894                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               204345                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               211502                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               216743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              226905                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              232534                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              238179                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              204293                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              211134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              214023                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           662719                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         16634750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2104624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         17076751                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1309755                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         16553615                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2178173                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time         17068533                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1256015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        16357595                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2088369                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        16866494                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1271560                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time        16364405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2196392                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time        16863877                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1255153                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        262970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1140973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        866000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1157271                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        186197                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1138285                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        853967                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1157369                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        184017                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1145571                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       863506                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1158959                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       185466                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1146033                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       868869                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1158924                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       186161                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          606936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          228429                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          232958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          239003                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          204345                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          211502                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          215941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         226905                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         232534                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         237286                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         204293                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         211134                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         213221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             754667                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           16664532                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2104624                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           17107041                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            1339904                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           16579610                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2178173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time           17096216                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            1283165                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          16386172                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2088369                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          16896601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           1301516                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time          16390095                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2196392                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time          16891467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1282383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1232                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               921                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1189                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               872                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1261                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles              959                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1238                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              949                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         107070193                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         108649456                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         117278781                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         107070189                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         108649452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         117278777                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        107070195                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        108649458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        117278783                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        107070191                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        108649454                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        117278779                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         20030531                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         28138014                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         20473204                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         27587180                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         19563769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         28084173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         20474482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         27528279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         19533568                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        28010600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        20474032                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        27456082                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        19542546                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        28002841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        20489214                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        27453908                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        19532684                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              1488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             1500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             1452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             1504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             7586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             8599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             78604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             96076                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             78853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             98470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              5260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            78465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            95938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             5132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            78760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             6313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            98159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           10479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             452                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1920                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1611                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             433                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1928                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             971                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             651                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            530                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           1835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            971                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            982                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            411                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           1820                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            967                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles            957                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219397     25.25%     25.25% |      216567     24.92%     50.17% |      216592     24.93%     75.10% |      216362     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56749     25.90%     25.90% |       54129     24.70%     50.60% |       54151     24.71%     75.31% |       54092     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219424     25.25%     25.25% |      216567     24.92%     50.17% |      216592     24.93%     75.10% |      216361     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868944                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62645     25.81%     25.81% |       60031     24.73%     50.54% |       60057     24.74%     75.28% |       59999     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154456     25.03%     25.03% |      154246     25.00%     50.03% |      154249     25.00%     75.03% |      154078     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617029                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219397     25.25%     25.25% |      216567     24.92%     50.17% |      216592     24.93%     75.10% |      216362     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56494     25.88%     25.88% |       53935     24.71%     50.59% |       53961     24.72%     75.31% |       53903     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154456     25.03%     25.03% |      154246     25.00%     50.03% |      154249     25.00%     75.03% |      154078     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617029                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219397     25.25%     25.25% |      216567     24.92%     50.17% |      216592     24.93%     75.10% |      216361     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56494     25.88%     25.88% |       53935     24.71%     50.59% |       53961     24.72%     75.31% |       53903     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5882428     80.89%     80.89% |          76      0.00%     80.89% |      354059      4.87%     85.76% |      345403      4.75%     90.51% |      344971      4.74%     95.25% |      345275      4.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7272212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6373762    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      6373762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    12789226     99.46%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |       23684      0.18%     99.65% |       15553      0.12%     99.77% |       14529      0.11%     99.88% |       15553      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12858545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       16288     82.79%     82.79% |          71      0.36%     83.15% |        1262      6.41%     89.56% |         650      3.30%     92.87% |         735      3.74%     96.60% |         668      3.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        19674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      562105     46.10%     46.10% |           0      0.00%     46.10% |      176349     14.46%     60.56% |      160500     13.16%     73.72% |      159992     13.12%     86.84% |      160462     13.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1219408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25      5.20%      5.20% |         145     30.15%     35.34% |         155     32.22%     67.57% |         156     32.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.77%      0.77% |           3      0.17%      0.94% |         204     11.23%     12.16% |         478     26.31%     38.47% |         583     32.09%     70.56% |         535     29.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     75.53%     75.53% |           5      5.32%     80.85% |          11     11.70%     92.55% |           7      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154668     19.34%     19.34% |          63      0.01%     19.35% |      166417     20.81%     40.16% |      159609     19.96%     60.12% |      159215     19.91%     80.04% |      159636     19.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       799608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.06%      0.06% |          13      0.72%      0.77% |        1157     63.68%     64.45% |         232     12.77%     77.22% |         222     12.22%     89.43% |         192     10.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411487     97.02%     97.02% |           0      0.00%     97.02% |        9239      2.18%     99.20% |        1180      0.28%     99.48% |        1069      0.25%     99.73% |        1157      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       424132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          80     42.33%     42.33% |          32     16.93%     59.26% |          40     21.16%     80.42% |          37     19.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      7.81%      7.81% |           0      0.00%      7.81% |         116     43.12%     50.93% |          37     13.75%     64.68% |          51     18.96%     83.64% |          44     16.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438339     40.22%     40.22% |           0      0.00%     40.22% |      174508     16.01%     56.24% |      159174     14.61%     70.84% |      158589     14.55%     85.40% |      159127     14.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1089737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153827     19.17%     19.17% |          38      0.00%     19.17% |      168089     20.94%     40.12% |      160351     19.98%     60.10% |      159926     19.93%     80.02% |      160328     19.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      123079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       123079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286105     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8772      2.96%     99.36% |         661      0.22%     99.59% |         578      0.19%     99.78% |         646      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11299     78.49%     78.49% |           0      0.00%     78.49% |        1201      8.34%     86.84% |         602      4.18%     91.02% |         674      4.68%     95.70% |         619      4.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        14395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1439     94.36%     94.36% |          38      2.49%     96.85% |          12      0.79%     97.64% |          12      0.79%     98.43% |          12      0.79%     99.21% |          12      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         100     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |          11      9.17%     92.50% |           2      1.67%     94.17% |           1      0.83%     95.00% |           6      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1073     63.38%     63.38% |           0      0.00%     63.38% |          60      3.54%     66.92% |         176     10.40%     77.32% |         200     11.81%     89.13% |         184     10.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |      174887     24.57%     26.29% |      174661     24.54%     50.83% |      175016     24.59%     75.42% |      174929     24.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6249009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6249009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     12.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |          45     25.71%     37.71% |          32     18.29%     56.00% |          40     22.86%     78.86% |          37     21.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2588     91.74%     91.74% |          14      0.50%     92.24% |          61      2.16%     94.40% |          48      1.70%     96.10% |          61      2.16%     98.26% |          49      1.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122577     95.87%     95.87% |           0      0.00%     95.87% |        1781      1.39%     97.26% |        1150      0.90%     98.16% |        1203      0.94%     99.10% |        1151      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       127862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596806     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |       10622      0.65%     98.22% |        9930      0.61%     98.83% |        9569      0.58%     99.42% |        9557      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1636484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25252     50.81%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |        6106     12.29%     63.09% |        6110     12.29%     75.39% |        6117     12.31%     87.69% |        6116     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1990     97.22%     97.22% |          57      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127313     17.06%     17.06% |           0      0.00%     17.06% |      160015     21.45%     38.51% |      153084     20.52%     59.03% |      152620     20.46%     79.49% |      153055     20.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       746087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     33.33%     33.33% |         126     33.33%     66.67% |         126     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.13%      0.13% |           3      0.39%      0.52% |         169     21.81%     22.32% |         163     21.03%     43.35% |         226     29.16%     72.52% |         213     27.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4117160     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         449      0.01%     99.97% |         449      0.01%     99.98% |         448      0.01%     99.99% |         449      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4118955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    12476257     99.73%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |        8750      0.07%     99.80% |        8748      0.07%     99.87% |        7793      0.06%     99.93% |        8748      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     12510296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311026     90.51%     90.51% |           0      0.00%     90.51% |       14493      4.22%     94.72% |        6090      1.77%     96.50% |        5969      1.74%     98.23% |        6072      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       343650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     24.27%     24.27% |          19     18.45%     42.72% |          29     28.16%     70.87% |          30     29.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      1.25%      1.25% |           0      0.00%      1.25% |          35      3.36%      4.61% |         315     30.23%     34.84% |         357     34.26%     69.10% |         322     30.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154668     19.34%     19.34% |          63      0.01%     19.35% |      166417     20.81%     40.16% |      159609     19.96%     60.12% |      159215     19.91%     80.04% |      159636     19.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       799608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.06%      0.06% |          13      0.72%      0.77% |        1157     63.68%     64.45% |         232     12.77%     77.22% |         222     12.22%     89.43% |         192     10.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125282     98.38%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |         527      0.41%     98.79% |         522      0.41%     99.20% |         501      0.39%     99.60% |         512      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     75.53%     75.53% |           5      5.32%     80.85% |          11     11.70%     92.55% |           7      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286205     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8712      2.94%     99.37% |         658      0.22%     99.59% |         568      0.19%     99.78% |         645      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          80     42.33%     42.33% |          32     16.93%     59.26% |          40     21.16%     80.42% |          37     19.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      7.81%      7.81% |           0      0.00%      7.81% |         116     43.12%     50.93% |          37     13.75%     64.68% |          51     18.96%     83.64% |          44     16.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         951    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438338     40.22%     40.22% |           0      0.00%     40.22% |      174508     16.01%     56.24% |      159174     14.61%     70.84% |      158589     14.55%     85.40% |      159127     14.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1089736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3873      3.11%      3.11% |        3796      3.04%      6.15% |        3504      2.81%      8.96% |        3511      2.82%     11.77% |        3600      2.89%     14.66% |        3983      3.19%     17.85% |        3762      3.02%     20.87% |        3279      2.63%     23.50% |        3542      2.84%     26.34% |        5169      4.14%     30.48% |        3924      3.15%     33.63% |        3834      3.07%     36.71% |        3510      2.81%     39.52% |        4375      3.51%     43.03% |        3917      3.14%     46.17% |        3770      3.02%     49.19% |        4189      3.36%     52.55% |        4207      3.37%     55.92% |        3573      2.86%     58.79% |        3281      2.63%     61.42% |        3103      2.49%     63.91% |        3741      3.00%     66.91% |        3562      2.86%     69.76% |        3434      2.75%     72.52% |        3659      2.93%     75.45% |        3769      3.02%     78.47% |        3306      2.65%     81.12% |        4755      3.81%     84.94% |        3976      3.19%     88.12% |        5253      4.21%     92.34% |        5086      4.08%     96.41% |        4472      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65027      8.09%      8.09% |       24815      3.09%     11.17% |       23703      2.95%     14.12% |       24429      3.04%     17.16% |       23816      2.96%     20.12% |       23547      2.93%     23.05% |       23094      2.87%     25.92% |       23142      2.88%     28.80% |       24590      3.06%     31.86% |       23672      2.94%     34.80% |       25092      3.12%     37.92% |       24514      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22844      2.84%     49.63% |       23173      2.88%     52.52% |       25145      3.13%     55.64% |       23702      2.95%     58.59% |       23899      2.97%     61.56% |       23886      2.97%     64.53% |       23673      2.94%     67.48% |       23621      2.94%     70.42% |       23531      2.93%     73.34% |       23271      2.89%     76.24% |       24414      3.04%     79.27% |       23624      2.94%     82.21% |       23356      2.90%     85.11% |       22901      2.85%     87.96% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23067      2.87%     93.76% |       23843      2.97%     96.72% |       26361      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14747      4.97%      4.97% |        8840      2.98%      7.94% |        9243      3.11%     11.06% |        8683      2.92%     13.98% |        9398      3.17%     17.15% |        8832      2.97%     20.12% |        8952      3.02%     23.14% |        8611      2.90%     26.04% |        9450      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8688      2.93%     38.23% |        9225      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.87%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8633      2.91%     56.16% |        9346      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9567      3.22%     71.70% |        8816      2.97%     74.67% |        9314      3.14%     77.81% |        8798      2.96%     80.77% |        9566      3.22%     84.00% |        9001      3.03%     87.03% |        9725      3.28%     90.30% |        8914      3.00%     93.30% |       10519      3.54%     96.85% |        9359      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         156     89.14%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           1      0.57%     89.71% |           1      0.57%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           2      1.14%     91.43% |           1      0.57%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           7      4.00%     96.00% |           1      0.57%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           1      0.57%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      1.14%     98.29% |           1      0.57%     98.86% |           1      0.57%     99.43% |           1      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76526      7.02%      7.02% |       33243      3.05%     10.07% |       32540      2.99%     13.06% |       32721      3.00%     16.06% |       32960      3.02%     19.09% |       31876      2.93%     22.01% |       31833      2.92%     24.93% |       31541      2.89%     27.83% |       33805      3.10%     30.93% |       32226      2.96%     33.89% |       34146      3.13%     37.02% |       32994      3.03%     40.05% |       32565      2.99%     43.04% |       31611      2.90%     45.94% |       31644      2.90%     48.84% |       31544      2.89%     51.74% |       34142      3.13%     54.87% |       31975      2.93%     57.80% |       32846      3.01%     60.82% |       32416      2.97%     63.79% |       32906      3.02%     66.81% |       32349      2.97%     69.78% |       32884      3.02%     72.80% |       31876      2.93%     75.72% |       33518      3.08%     78.80% |       32214      2.96%     81.75% |       32723      3.00%     84.76% |       31695      2.91%     87.67% |       33042      3.03%     90.70% |       31782      2.92%     93.61% |       34148      3.13%     96.75% |       35445      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1089736                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9275      4.26%      4.26% |        6724      3.08%      7.34% |        6742      3.09%     10.43% |        6731      3.09%     13.52% |        6711      3.08%     16.60% |        6723      3.08%     19.68% |        6732      3.09%     22.77% |        6723      3.08%     25.86% |        6739      3.09%     28.95% |        6740      3.09%     32.04% |        6743      3.09%     35.13% |        6740      3.09%     38.23% |        6726      3.09%     41.31% |        6729      3.09%     44.40% |        6726      3.09%     47.48% |        6727      3.09%     50.57% |        6751      3.10%     53.67% |        6726      3.09%     56.75% |        6744      3.09%     59.85% |        6732      3.09%     62.94% |        6730      3.09%     66.02% |        6750      3.10%     69.12% |        6737      3.09%     72.21% |        6735      3.09%     75.30% |        6742      3.09%     78.39% |        6738      3.09%     81.48% |        6736      3.09%     84.57% |        6729      3.09%     87.66% |        6736      3.09%     90.75% |        6720      3.08%     93.83% |        6718      3.08%     96.92% |        6722      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19525      3.16%      3.16% |       19305      3.13%      6.29% |       19379      3.14%      9.43% |       19298      3.13%     12.55% |       19313      3.13%     15.68% |       19282      3.12%     18.81% |       19251      3.12%     21.93% |       19267      3.12%     25.05% |       19284      3.12%     28.17% |       19306      3.13%     31.30% |       19347      3.13%     34.43% |       19275      3.12%     37.55% |       19325      3.13%     40.68% |       19309      3.13%     43.81% |       19289      3.12%     46.94% |       19263      3.12%     50.06% |       19284      3.12%     53.18% |       19313      3.13%     56.31% |       19268      3.12%     59.43% |       19229      3.11%     62.54% |       19249      3.12%     65.66% |       19244      3.12%     68.78% |       19250      3.12%     71.90% |       19249      3.12%     75.02% |       19299      3.13%     78.14% |       19308      3.13%     81.27% |       19286      3.12%     84.39% |       19240      3.12%     87.51% |       19261      3.12%     90.63% |       19264      3.12%     93.75% |       19262      3.12%     96.87% |       19321      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       617345                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29916      3.44%      3.44% |       27079      3.12%      6.56% |       27168      3.13%      9.69% |       27077      3.12%     12.80% |       27071      3.12%     15.92% |       27052      3.11%     19.03% |       27031      3.11%     22.14% |       27038      3.11%     25.25% |       27071      3.12%     28.37% |       27094      3.12%     31.49% |       27137      3.12%     34.61% |       27063      3.11%     37.72% |       27098      3.12%     40.84% |       27085      3.12%     43.96% |       27062      3.11%     47.07% |       27037      3.11%     50.19% |       27082      3.12%     53.30% |       27087      3.12%     56.42% |       27060      3.11%     59.53% |       27009      3.11%     62.64% |       27027      3.11%     65.75% |       27043      3.11%     68.87% |       27035      3.11%     71.98% |       27031      3.11%     75.09% |       27088      3.12%     78.21% |       27095      3.12%     81.32% |       27071      3.12%     84.44% |       27015      3.11%     87.55% |       27044      3.11%     90.66% |       27032      3.11%     93.77% |       27028      3.11%     96.88% |       27091      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868917                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28892      3.46%      3.46% |       26055      3.12%      6.57% |       26144      3.13%      9.70% |       26053      3.12%     12.81% |       26047      3.12%     15.93% |       26028      3.11%     19.04% |       26007      3.11%     22.15% |       26014      3.11%     25.26% |       26047      3.12%     28.38% |       26070      3.12%     31.50% |       26113      3.12%     34.62% |       26039      3.11%     37.73% |       26074      3.12%     40.85% |       26061      3.12%     43.97% |       26038      3.11%     47.08% |       26013      3.11%     50.19% |       26058      3.12%     53.31% |       26063      3.12%     56.43% |       26036      3.11%     59.54% |       25985      3.11%     62.65% |       26003      3.11%     65.76% |       26019      3.11%     68.87% |       26011      3.11%     71.98% |       26007      3.11%     75.09% |       26064      3.12%     78.21% |       26071      3.12%     81.33% |       26047      3.12%     84.44% |       25991      3.11%     87.55% |       26020      3.11%     90.66% |       26008      3.11%     93.77% |       26004      3.11%     96.88% |       26067      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         226     15.56%     15.56% |          42      2.89%     18.46% |          50      3.44%     21.90% |          50      3.44%     25.34% |          57      3.93%     29.27% |          54      3.72%     32.99% |          32      2.20%     35.19% |          37      2.55%     37.74% |          46      3.17%     40.91% |          34      2.34%     43.25% |          42      2.89%     46.14% |          34      2.34%     48.48% |          40      2.75%     51.24% |          30      2.07%     53.31% |          31      2.13%     55.44% |          29      2.00%     57.44% |          30      2.07%     59.50% |          37      2.55%     62.05% |          38      2.62%     64.67% |          34      2.34%     67.01% |          30      2.07%     69.08% |          38      2.62%     71.69% |          35      2.41%     74.10% |          36      2.48%     76.58% |          37      2.55%     79.13% |          42      2.89%     82.02% |          45      3.10%     85.12% |          44      3.03%     88.15% |          44      3.03%     91.18% |          44      3.03%     94.21% |          53      3.65%     97.87% |          31      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1452                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         758     97.68%     97.68% |           3      0.39%     98.07% |           2      0.26%     98.32% |           1      0.13%     98.45% |           0      0.00%     98.45% |           0      0.00%     98.45% |           0      0.00%     98.45% |           0      0.00%     98.45% |           1      0.13%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           1      0.13%     98.71% |           0      0.00%     98.71% |           1      0.13%     98.84% |           4      0.52%     99.36% |           3      0.39%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         607     39.09%     39.09% |          41      2.64%     41.73% |          37      2.38%     44.11% |          37      2.38%     46.49% |          28      1.80%     48.29% |          28      1.80%     50.10% |          28      1.80%     51.90% |          28      1.80%     53.70% |          28      1.80%     55.51% |          28      1.80%     57.31% |          28      1.80%     59.11% |          28      1.80%     60.91% |          31      2.00%     62.91% |          28      1.80%     64.71% |          29      1.87%     66.58% |          28      1.80%     68.38% |          28      1.80%     70.19% |          40      2.58%     72.76% |          41      2.64%     75.40% |          41      2.64%     78.04% |          28      1.80%     79.85% |          28      1.80%     81.65% |          30      1.93%     83.58% |          28      1.80%     85.38% |          28      1.80%     87.19% |          29      1.87%     89.05% |          28      1.80%     90.86% |          28      1.80%     92.66% |          30      1.93%     94.59% |          28      1.80%     96.39% |          28      1.80%     98.20% |          28      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         1553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1177      6.75%      6.75% |         495      2.84%      9.59% |         526      3.02%     12.61% |         495      2.84%     15.45% |         511      2.93%     18.39% |         515      2.96%     21.34% |         494      2.83%     24.18% |         511      2.93%     27.11% |         515      2.96%     30.06% |         514      2.95%     33.01% |         554      3.18%     36.19% |         530      3.04%     39.23% |         561      3.22%     42.45% |         560      3.21%     45.66% |         539      3.09%     48.76% |         537      3.08%     51.84% |         549      3.15%     54.99% |         560      3.21%     58.20% |         522      3.00%     61.20% |         496      2.85%     64.04% |         501      2.87%     66.92% |         517      2.97%     69.89% |         511      2.93%     72.82% |         519      2.98%     75.80% |         536      3.08%     78.87% |         538      3.09%     81.96% |         526      3.02%     84.98% |         509      2.92%     87.90% |         505      2.90%     90.80% |         517      2.97%     93.76% |         513      2.94%     96.71% |         574      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17427                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         919     50.58%     50.58% |          33      1.82%     52.39% |          30      1.65%     54.05% |          29      1.60%     55.64% |          28      1.54%     57.18% |          28      1.54%     58.72% |          28      1.54%     60.26% |          28      1.54%     61.81% |          28      1.54%     63.35% |          28      1.54%     64.89% |          28      1.54%     66.43% |          28      1.54%     67.97% |          32      1.76%     69.73% |          28      1.54%     71.27% |          29      1.60%     72.87% |          28      1.54%     74.41% |          29      1.60%     76.00% |          32      1.76%     77.77% |          32      1.76%     79.53% |          31      1.71%     81.23% |          28      1.54%     82.77% |          28      1.54%     84.31% |          30      1.65%     85.97% |          28      1.54%     87.51% |          28      1.54%     89.05% |          29      1.60%     90.64% |          28      1.54%     92.18% |          28      1.54%     93.73% |          30      1.65%     95.38% |          28      1.54%     96.92% |          28      1.54%     98.46% |          28      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77804      7.09%      7.09% |       33435      3.05%     10.14% |       32746      2.99%     13.13% |       32906      3.00%     16.13% |       33153      3.02%     19.15% |       32089      2.93%     22.08% |       32004      2.92%     25.00% |       31720      2.89%     27.89% |       34008      3.10%     30.99% |       32403      2.95%     33.95% |       34353      3.13%     37.08% |       33170      3.02%     40.10% |       32742      2.99%     43.09% |       31786      2.90%     45.99% |       31823      2.90%     48.89% |       31710      2.89%     51.78% |       34314      3.13%     54.91% |       32158      2.93%     57.84% |       33021      3.01%     60.85% |       32583      2.97%     63.82% |       33076      3.02%     66.84% |       32516      2.96%     69.80% |       33058      3.01%     72.82% |       32057      2.92%     75.74% |       33695      3.07%     78.81% |       32392      2.95%     81.77% |       32893      3.00%     84.77% |       31866      2.91%     87.67% |       33215      3.03%     90.70% |       31952      2.91%     93.62% |       34332      3.13%     96.75% |       35685      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1096665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         446      3.20%      3.20% |         395      2.83%      6.04% |         427      3.06%      9.10% |         413      2.96%     12.06% |         429      3.08%     15.14% |         406      2.91%     18.06% |         406      2.91%     20.97% |         427      3.06%     24.03% |         416      2.99%     27.02% |         426      3.06%     30.08% |         443      3.18%     33.26% |         438      3.14%     36.40% |         477      3.42%     39.82% |         471      3.38%     43.20% |         444      3.19%     46.39% |         456      3.27%     49.66% |         462      3.32%     52.98% |         467      3.35%     56.33% |         435      3.12%     59.45% |         410      2.94%     62.39% |         412      2.96%     65.35% |         441      3.16%     68.52% |         424      3.04%     71.56% |         430      3.09%     74.64% |         450      3.23%     77.87% |         457      3.28%     81.15% |         458      3.29%     84.44% |         433      3.11%     87.55% |         426      3.06%     90.61% |         445      3.19%     93.80% |         440      3.16%     96.96% |         424      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23451      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20795      3.13%      9.78% |       20711      3.12%     12.89% |       20690      3.11%     16.01% |       20702      3.11%     19.12% |       20684      3.11%     22.23% |       20683      3.11%     25.34% |       20701      3.11%     28.46% |       20724      3.12%     31.58% |       20765      3.12%     34.70% |       20675      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20686      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20676      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20672      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20678      3.11%     72.02% |       20659      3.11%     75.13% |       20690      3.11%     78.24% |       20692      3.11%     81.35% |       20655      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.67% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20625      3.10%     96.88% |       20731      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6019      3.16%      3.16% |        5937      3.12%      6.28% |        5946      3.12%      9.41% |        5953      3.13%     12.54% |        5952      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5928      3.12%     25.03% |        5954      3.13%     28.16% |        5944      3.12%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5950      3.13%     37.52% |        5942      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.12% |        5948      3.13%     56.25% |        5949      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.13%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.24% |        5958      3.13%     84.37% |        5947      3.13%     87.49% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5952      3.13%     93.75% |        5963      3.13%     96.88% |        5936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190281                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3073      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.43% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.54% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3740      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1196     45.42%     45.42% |         183      6.95%     52.37% |         164      6.23%     58.60% |         169      6.42%     65.02% |          14      0.53%     65.55% |         248      9.42%     74.97% |          14      0.53%     75.50% |           5      0.19%     75.69% |           3      0.11%     75.81% |           1      0.04%     75.85% |          16      0.61%     76.45% |           4      0.15%     76.60% |           2      0.08%     76.68% |           1      0.04%     76.72% |          39      1.48%     78.20% |          16      0.61%     78.81% |           9      0.34%     79.15% |         144      5.47%     84.62% |         197      7.48%     92.10% |         148      5.62%     97.72% |           1      0.04%     97.76% |          15      0.57%     98.33% |          10      0.38%     98.71% |           2      0.08%     98.78% |           5      0.19%     98.97% |           1      0.04%     99.01% |           2      0.08%     99.09% |           8      0.30%     99.39% |           3      0.11%     99.51% |           2      0.08%     99.58% |           3      0.11%     99.70% |           8      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2633                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          97     76.38%     76.38% |           6      4.72%     81.10% |           2      1.57%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           0      0.00%     86.61% |           1      0.79%     87.40% |           1      0.79%     88.19% |           0      0.00%     88.19% |           0      0.00%     88.19% |           1      0.79%     88.98% |           0      0.00%     88.98% |           0      0.00%     88.98% |           5      3.94%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |           3      2.36%     95.28% |           1      0.79%     96.06% |           0      0.00%     96.06% |           0      0.00%     96.06% |           0      0.00%     96.06% |           0      0.00%     96.06% |           1      0.79%     96.85% |           0      0.00%     96.85% |           1      0.79%     97.64% |           1      0.79%     98.43% |           2      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         156     89.14%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           1      0.57%     89.71% |           1      0.57%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           2      1.14%     91.43% |           1      0.57%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           7      4.00%     96.00% |           1      0.57%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           1      0.57%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      1.14%     98.29% |           1      0.57%     98.86% |           1      0.57%     99.43% |           1      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          19      2.06%      2.06% |          32      3.47%      5.53% |          29      3.15%      8.68% |          30      3.25%     11.93% |          28      3.04%     14.97% |          31      3.36%     18.33% |          28      3.04%     21.37% |          28      3.04%     24.40% |          28      3.04%     27.44% |          29      3.15%     30.59% |          28      3.04%     33.62% |          28      3.04%     36.66% |          33      3.58%     40.24% |          28      3.04%     43.28% |          30      3.25%     46.53% |          29      3.15%     49.67% |          28      3.04%     52.71% |          29      3.15%     55.86% |          30      3.25%     59.11% |          30      3.25%     62.36% |          28      3.04%     65.40% |          29      3.15%     68.55% |          30      3.25%     71.80% |          28      3.04%     74.84% |          29      3.15%     77.98% |          29      3.15%     81.13% |          28      3.04%     84.16% |          29      3.15%     87.31% |          32      3.47%     90.78% |          28      3.04%     93.82% |          28      3.04%     96.85% |          29      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1029      7.12%      7.12% |         396      2.74%      9.86% |         426      2.95%     12.80% |         411      2.84%     15.65% |         427      2.95%     18.60% |         408      2.82%     21.42% |         407      2.82%     24.24% |         425      2.94%     27.18% |         412      2.85%     30.02% |         422      2.92%     32.94% |         443      3.06%     36.01% |         439      3.04%     39.04% |         472      3.26%     42.31% |         467      3.23%     45.54% |         442      3.06%     48.60% |         451      3.12%     51.72% |         460      3.18%     54.90% |         467      3.23%     58.13% |         437      3.02%     61.15% |         413      2.86%     64.01% |         411      2.84%     66.85% |         437      3.02%     69.87% |         421      2.91%     72.78% |         427      2.95%     75.74% |         447      3.09%     78.83% |         453      3.13%     81.96% |         454      3.14%     85.10% |         431      2.98%     88.08% |         423      2.93%     91.01% |         443      3.06%     94.07% |         435      3.01%     97.08% |         422      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.77%      5.77% |           9      8.65%     14.42% |           4      3.85%     18.27% |           7      6.73%     25.00% |           2      1.92%     26.92% |           7      6.73%     33.65% |           4      3.85%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      1.92%     39.42% |           2      1.92%     41.35% |           2      1.92%     43.27% |           4      3.85%     47.12% |           0      0.00%     47.12% |           4      3.85%     50.96% |           2      1.92%     52.88% |           1      0.96%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |          12     11.54%     65.38% |           5      4.81%     70.19% |           2      1.92%     72.12% |           2      1.92%     74.04% |           2      1.92%     75.96% |           2      1.92%     77.88% |           4      3.85%     81.73% |           1      0.96%     82.69% |           3      2.88%     85.58% |           2      1.92%     87.50% |           5      4.81%     92.31% |           3      2.88%     95.19% |           1      0.96%     96.15% |           4      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39454     29.24%     29.24% |        3849      2.85%     32.10% |        2709      2.01%     34.10% |        3514      2.60%     36.71% |        3084      2.29%     38.99% |        2557      1.90%     40.89% |        2368      1.76%     42.65% |        2426      1.80%     44.44% |        3857      2.86%     47.30% |        2919      2.16%     49.47% |        4283      3.17%     52.64% |        3807      2.82%     55.46% |        2838      2.10%     57.57% |        2572      1.91%     59.47% |        2090      1.55%     61.02% |        2480      1.84%     62.86% |        4433      3.29%     66.15% |        2853      2.11%     68.26% |        2993      2.22%     70.48% |        3044      2.26%     72.73% |        2972      2.20%     74.94% |        2928      2.17%     77.11% |        2813      2.09%     79.19% |        2582      1.91%     81.11% |        3691      2.74%     83.84% |        2902      2.15%     85.99% |        2671      1.98%     87.97% |        2229      1.65%     89.63% |        2814      2.09%     91.71% |        2402      1.78%     93.49% |        3187      2.36%     95.85% |        5594      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       134915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8520      8.04%      8.04% |        2885      2.72%     10.76% |        3283      3.10%     13.86% |        2713      2.56%     16.42% |        3415      3.22%     19.64% |        2873      2.71%     22.35% |        2998      2.83%     25.18% |        2671      2.52%     27.70% |        3484      3.29%     30.99% |        2803      2.64%     33.63% |        3364      3.17%     36.80% |        2726      2.57%     39.38% |        3266      3.08%     42.46% |        2588      2.44%     44.90% |        3101      2.93%     47.82% |        2636      2.49%     50.31% |        3249      3.07%     53.38% |        2673      2.52%     55.90% |        3382      3.19%     59.09% |        2927      2.76%     61.85% |        3477      3.28%     65.13% |        2974      2.81%     67.94% |        3622      3.42%     71.35% |        2862      2.70%     74.05% |        3353      3.16%     77.22% |        2840      2.68%     79.90% |        3595      3.39%     83.29% |        3041      2.87%     86.16% |        3767      3.55%     89.71% |        2950      2.78%     92.49% |        4544      4.29%     96.78% |        3411      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9252      4.27%      4.27% |        6687      3.08%      7.35% |        6708      3.09%     10.44% |        6697      3.09%     13.53% |        6680      3.08%     16.61% |        6687      3.08%     19.69% |        6699      3.09%     22.78% |        6692      3.08%     25.86% |        6707      3.09%     28.95% |        6710      3.09%     32.05% |        6712      3.09%     35.14% |        6710      3.09%     38.24% |        6691      3.08%     41.32% |        6699      3.09%     44.41% |        6692      3.08%     47.49% |        6693      3.09%     50.58% |        6720      3.10%     53.68% |        6695      3.09%     56.76% |        6712      3.09%     59.86% |        6699      3.09%     62.95% |        6699      3.09%     66.03% |        6717      3.10%     69.13% |        6703      3.09%     72.22% |        6699      3.09%     75.31% |        6708      3.09%     78.40% |        6706      3.09%     81.49% |        6704      3.09%     84.58% |        6696      3.09%     87.67% |        6698      3.09%     90.76% |        6687      3.08%     93.84% |        6683      3.08%     96.92% |        6680      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       216922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18362      3.06%      3.06% |       18835      3.14%      6.19% |       18865      3.14%      9.33% |       18815      3.13%     12.47% |       18804      3.13%     15.60% |       18777      3.13%     18.72% |       18786      3.13%     21.85% |       18778      3.13%     24.98% |       18782      3.13%     28.11% |       18816      3.13%     31.24% |       18810      3.13%     34.37% |       18769      3.12%     37.49% |       18791      3.13%     40.62% |       18777      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18759      3.12%     50.00% |       18764      3.12%     53.12% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.37% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18777      3.13%     65.62% |       18750      3.12%     68.75% |       18768      3.12%     71.87% |       18758      3.12%     74.99% |       18788      3.13%     78.12% |       18789      3.13%     81.25% |       18775      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18780      3.13%     90.62% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18759      3.12%     96.87% |       18786      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         919     50.58%     50.58% |          33      1.82%     52.39% |          30      1.65%     54.05% |          29      1.60%     55.64% |          28      1.54%     57.18% |          28      1.54%     58.72% |          28      1.54%     60.26% |          28      1.54%     61.81% |          28      1.54%     63.35% |          28      1.54%     64.89% |          28      1.54%     66.43% |          28      1.54%     67.97% |          32      1.76%     69.73% |          28      1.54%     71.27% |          29      1.60%     72.87% |          28      1.54%     74.41% |          29      1.60%     76.00% |          32      1.76%     77.77% |          32      1.76%     79.53% |          31      1.71%     81.23% |          28      1.54%     82.77% |          28      1.54%     84.31% |          30      1.65%     85.97% |          28      1.54%     87.51% |          28      1.54%     89.05% |          29      1.60%     90.64% |          28      1.54%     92.18% |          28      1.54%     93.73% |          30      1.65%     95.38% |          28      1.54%     96.92% |          28      1.54%     98.46% |          28      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         109     22.66%     22.66% |          12      2.49%     25.16% |          12      2.49%     27.65% |          12      2.49%     30.15% |          12      2.49%     32.64% |          12      2.49%     35.14% |          12      2.49%     37.63% |          12      2.49%     40.12% |          12      2.49%     42.62% |          12      2.49%     45.11% |          12      2.49%     47.61% |          12      2.49%     50.10% |          12      2.49%     52.60% |          12      2.49%     55.09% |          12      2.49%     57.59% |          12      2.49%     60.08% |          12      2.49%     62.58% |          12      2.49%     65.07% |          12      2.49%     67.57% |          12      2.49%     70.06% |          12      2.49%     72.56% |          12      2.49%     75.05% |          12      2.49%     77.55% |          12      2.49%     80.04% |          12      2.49%     82.54% |          12      2.49%     85.03% |          12      2.49%     87.53% |          12      2.49%     90.02% |          12      2.49%     92.52% |          12      2.49%     95.01% |          12      2.49%     97.51% |          12      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76526      7.02%      7.02% |       33243      3.05%     10.07% |       32540      2.99%     13.06% |       32721      3.00%     16.06% |       32960      3.02%     19.09% |       31876      2.93%     22.01% |       31833      2.92%     24.93% |       31541      2.89%     27.83% |       33805      3.10%     30.93% |       32226      2.96%     33.89% |       34146      3.13%     37.02% |       32994      3.03%     40.05% |       32565      2.99%     43.04% |       31611      2.90%     45.94% |       31644      2.90%     48.84% |       31544      2.89%     51.74% |       34142      3.13%     54.87% |       31975      2.93%     57.80% |       32846      3.01%     60.82% |       32416      2.97%     63.79% |       32906      3.02%     66.81% |       32349      2.97%     69.78% |       32884      3.02%     72.80% |       31876      2.93%     75.72% |       33518      3.08%     78.80% |       32214      2.96%     81.75% |       32723      3.00%     84.76% |       31695      2.91%     87.67% |       33042      3.03%     90.70% |       31782      2.92%     93.61% |       34148      3.13%     96.75% |       35445      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1089736                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      3.01%      3.01% |           5      3.76%      6.77% |           5      3.76%     10.53% |           4      3.01%     13.53% |           3      2.26%     15.79% |           5      3.76%     19.55% |           5      3.76%     23.31% |           3      2.26%     25.56% |           4      3.01%     28.57% |           1      0.75%     29.32% |           3      2.26%     31.58% |           2      1.50%     33.08% |           2      1.50%     34.59% |           2      1.50%     36.09% |           4      3.01%     39.10% |           5      3.76%     42.86% |           3      2.26%     45.11% |           2      1.50%     46.62% |           2      1.50%     48.12% |           3      2.26%     50.38% |           3      2.26%     52.63% |           4      3.01%     55.64% |           4      3.01%     58.65% |           8      6.02%     64.66% |           5      3.76%     68.42% |           3      2.26%     70.68% |           4      3.01%     73.68% |           4      3.01%     76.69% |           6      4.51%     81.20% |           5      3.76%     84.96% |           7      5.26%     90.23% |          13      9.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         134      5.91%      5.91% |          74      3.26%      9.17% |          88      3.88%     13.05% |          72      3.17%     16.22% |          82      3.61%     19.83% |          97      4.28%     24.11% |          58      2.56%     26.66% |          64      2.82%     29.48% |          90      3.97%     33.45% |          68      3.00%     36.45% |          94      4.14%     40.59% |          67      2.95%     43.54% |          62      2.73%     46.28% |          65      2.86%     49.14% |          66      2.91%     52.05% |          53      2.34%     54.39% |          60      2.64%     57.03% |          71      3.13%     60.16% |          62      2.73%     62.89% |          55      2.42%     65.32% |          61      2.69%     68.00% |          57      2.51%     70.52% |          61      2.69%     73.20% |          64      2.82%     76.02% |          64      2.82%     78.85% |          66      2.91%     81.75% |          57      2.51%     84.27% |          61      2.69%     86.95% |          58      2.56%     89.51% |          57      2.51%     92.02% |          68      3.00%     95.02% |         113      4.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          12     44.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     91.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28892      3.46%      3.46% |       26055      3.12%      6.57% |       26144      3.13%      9.70% |       26053      3.12%     12.81% |       26047      3.12%     15.93% |       26028      3.11%     19.04% |       26007      3.11%     22.15% |       26014      3.11%     25.26% |       26047      3.12%     28.38% |       26070      3.12%     31.50% |       26113      3.12%     34.62% |       26039      3.11%     37.73% |       26074      3.12%     40.85% |       26061      3.12%     43.97% |       26038      3.11%     47.08% |       26013      3.11%     50.19% |       26058      3.12%     53.31% |       26063      3.12%     56.43% |       26036      3.11%     59.54% |       25985      3.11%     62.65% |       26003      3.11%     65.76% |       26019      3.11%     68.87% |       26011      3.11%     71.98% |       26007      3.11%     75.09% |       26064      3.12%     78.21% |       26071      3.12%     81.33% |       26047      3.12%     84.44% |       25991      3.11%     87.55% |       26020      3.11%     90.66% |       26008      3.11%     93.77% |       26004      3.11%     96.88% |       26067      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      4.21%      4.21% |           3      3.16%      7.37% |           2      2.11%      9.47% |           3      3.16%     12.63% |           2      2.11%     14.74% |           4      4.21%     18.95% |           3      3.16%     22.11% |           3      3.16%     25.26% |           3      3.16%     28.42% |           1      1.05%     29.47% |           2      2.11%     31.58% |           1      1.05%     32.63% |           1      1.05%     33.68% |           2      2.11%     35.79% |           3      3.16%     38.95% |           5      5.26%     44.21% |           3      3.16%     47.37% |           2      2.11%     49.47% |           1      1.05%     50.53% |           3      3.16%     53.68% |           3      3.16%     56.84% |           2      2.11%     58.95% |           3      3.16%     62.11% |           6      6.32%     68.42% |           4      4.21%     72.63% |           2      2.11%     74.74% |           2      2.11%     76.84% |           2      2.11%     78.95% |           3      3.16%     82.11% |           2      2.11%     84.21% |           2      2.11%     86.32% |          13     13.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           9      2.85%      2.85% |          10      3.16%      6.01% |          19      6.01%     12.03% |          21      6.65%     18.67% |          28      8.86%     27.53% |          25      7.91%     35.44% |           2      0.63%     36.08% |           9      2.85%     38.92% |          17      5.38%     44.30% |           6      1.90%     46.20% |          13      4.11%     50.32% |           5      1.58%     51.90% |           7      2.22%     54.11% |           2      0.63%     54.75% |           2      0.63%     55.38% |           1      0.32%     55.70% |           2      0.63%     56.33% |           9      2.85%     59.18% |           8      2.53%     61.71% |           5      1.58%     63.29% |           2      0.63%     63.92% |           8      2.53%     66.46% |           4      1.27%     67.72% |           6      1.90%     69.62% |           8      2.53%     72.15% |          12      3.80%     75.95% |          15      4.75%     80.70% |          14      4.43%     85.13% |          11      3.48%     88.61% |          13      4.11%     92.72% |          20      6.33%     99.05% |           3      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         125      6.40%      6.40% |          64      3.28%      9.68% |          69      3.53%     13.22% |          51      2.61%     15.83% |          54      2.77%     18.60% |          72      3.69%     22.28% |          56      2.87%     25.15% |          55      2.82%     27.97% |          72      3.69%     31.66% |          62      3.18%     34.84% |          81      4.15%     38.99% |          62      3.18%     42.16% |          55      2.82%     44.98% |          63      3.23%     48.21% |          64      3.28%     51.49% |          52      2.66%     54.15% |          58      2.97%     57.12% |          62      3.18%     60.30% |          54      2.77%     63.06% |          50      2.56%     65.62% |          59      3.02%     68.65% |          49      2.51%     71.16% |          57      2.92%     74.08% |          58      2.97%     77.05% |          56      2.87%     79.92% |          54      2.77%     82.68% |          42      2.15%     84.84% |          47      2.41%     87.24% |          47      2.41%     89.65% |          44      2.25%     91.91% |          48      2.46%     94.36% |         110      5.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1952                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         586     91.28%     91.28% |          11      1.71%     92.99% |           9      1.40%     94.39% |           9      1.40%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           9      1.40%     97.20% |           9      1.40%     98.60% |           9      1.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1029      7.12%      7.12% |         396      2.74%      9.86% |         426      2.95%     12.80% |         411      2.84%     15.65% |         427      2.95%     18.60% |         408      2.82%     21.42% |         407      2.82%     24.24% |         425      2.94%     27.18% |         412      2.85%     30.02% |         422      2.92%     32.94% |         443      3.06%     36.01% |         439      3.04%     39.04% |         472      3.26%     42.31% |         467      3.23%     45.54% |         442      3.06%     48.60% |         451      3.12%     51.72% |         460      3.18%     54.90% |         467      3.23%     58.13% |         437      3.02%     61.15% |         413      2.86%     64.01% |         411      2.84%     66.85% |         437      3.02%     69.87% |         421      2.91%     72.78% |         427      2.95%     75.74% |         447      3.09%     78.83% |         453      3.13%     81.96% |         454      3.14%     85.10% |         431      2.98%     88.08% |         423      2.93%     91.01% |         443      3.06%     94.07% |         435      3.01%     97.08% |         422      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          21      2.31%      2.31% |          30      3.29%      5.60% |          28      3.07%      8.67% |          28      3.07%     11.75% |          28      3.07%     14.82% |          28      3.07%     17.89% |          28      3.07%     20.97% |          28      3.07%     24.04% |          28      3.07%     27.11% |          28      3.07%     30.19% |          28      3.07%     33.26% |          28      3.07%     36.33% |          31      3.40%     39.74% |          28      3.07%     42.81% |          29      3.18%     45.99% |          28      3.07%     49.07% |          28      3.07%     52.14% |          31      3.40%     55.54% |          32      3.51%     59.06% |          32      3.51%     62.57% |          28      3.07%     65.64% |          28      3.07%     68.72% |          30      3.29%     72.01% |          28      3.07%     75.08% |          28      3.07%     78.16% |          29      3.18%     81.34% |          28      3.07%     84.41% |          28      3.07%     87.49% |          30      3.29%     90.78% |          28      3.07%     93.85% |          28      3.07%     96.93% |          28      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          19      2.06%      2.06% |          32      3.47%      5.53% |          29      3.15%      8.68% |          30      3.25%     11.93% |          28      3.04%     14.97% |          31      3.36%     18.33% |          28      3.04%     21.37% |          28      3.04%     24.40% |          28      3.04%     27.44% |          29      3.15%     30.59% |          28      3.04%     33.62% |          28      3.04%     36.66% |          33      3.58%     40.24% |          28      3.04%     43.28% |          30      3.25%     46.53% |          29      3.15%     49.67% |          28      3.04%     52.71% |          29      3.15%     55.86% |          30      3.25%     59.11% |          30      3.25%     62.36% |          28      3.04%     65.40% |          29      3.15%     68.55% |          30      3.25%     71.80% |          28      3.04%     74.84% |          29      3.15%     77.98% |          29      3.15%     81.13% |          28      3.04%     84.16% |          29      3.15%     87.31% |          32      3.47%     90.78% |          28      3.04%     93.82% |          28      3.04%     96.85% |          29      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           2     20.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23449      3.53%      3.53% |       20746      3.12%      6.65% |       20793      3.13%      9.78% |       20708      3.12%     12.89% |       20690      3.11%     16.01% |       20702      3.11%     19.12% |       20684      3.11%     22.23% |       20683      3.11%     25.34% |       20701      3.11%     28.46% |       20724      3.12%     31.58% |       20765      3.12%     34.70% |       20675      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20686      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20675      3.11%     59.58% |       20661      3.11%     62.69% |       20672      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20678      3.11%     72.02% |       20659      3.11%     75.13% |       20690      3.11%     78.24% |       20692      3.11%     81.35% |       20655      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.67% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20625      3.10%     96.88% |       20731      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.21%      3.21% |         396      2.84%      6.05% |         429      3.08%      9.13% |         416      2.98%     12.11% |         429      3.08%     15.19% |         406      2.91%     18.10% |         406      2.91%     21.01% |         427      3.06%     24.08% |         416      2.98%     27.06% |         426      3.06%     30.12% |         443      3.18%     33.29% |         438      3.14%     36.43% |         477      3.42%     39.86% |         471      3.38%     43.23% |         444      3.18%     46.42% |         456      3.27%     49.69% |         462      3.31%     53.00% |         467      3.35%     56.35% |         436      3.13%     59.48% |         411      2.95%     62.43% |         412      2.95%     65.38% |         441      3.16%     68.54% |         424      3.04%     71.58% |         430      3.08%     74.67% |         450      3.23%     77.90% |         457      3.28%     81.17% |         458      3.28%     84.46% |         432      3.10%     87.56% |         426      3.06%     90.61% |         445      3.19%     93.80% |         440      3.16%     96.96% |         424      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13943                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6019      3.16%      3.16% |        5937      3.12%      6.28% |        5946      3.12%      9.41% |        5953      3.13%     12.54% |        5952      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5928      3.12%     25.03% |        5954      3.13%     28.16% |        5944      3.12%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5950      3.13%     37.52% |        5942      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.12% |        5948      3.13%     56.25% |        5949      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.13%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.24% |        5958      3.13%     84.37% |        5947      3.13%     87.49% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5952      3.13%     93.75% |        5963      3.13%     96.88% |        5936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190281                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         253     83.77%     83.77% |           6      1.99%     85.76% |           3      0.99%     86.75% |           6      1.99%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           1      0.33%     89.07% |           1      0.33%     89.40% |           0      0.00%     89.40% |           0      0.00%     89.40% |           1      0.33%     89.74% |           0      0.00%     89.74% |           0      0.00%     89.74% |           5      1.66%     91.39% |           0      0.00%     91.39% |           2      0.66%     92.05% |           1      0.33%     92.38% |           0      0.00%     92.38% |           0      0.00%     92.38% |          10      3.31%     95.70% |           2      0.66%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           1      0.33%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |           2      0.66%     97.35% |           1      0.33%     97.68% |           4      1.32%     99.01% |           1      0.33%     99.34% |           1      0.33%     99.67% |           1      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77551      7.07%      7.07% |       33429      3.05%     10.12% |       32743      2.99%     13.11% |       32900      3.00%     16.11% |       33153      3.02%     19.13% |       32088      2.93%     22.06% |       32003      2.92%     24.98% |       31720      2.89%     27.87% |       34008      3.10%     30.97% |       32402      2.96%     33.93% |       34353      3.13%     37.06% |       33170      3.03%     40.09% |       32737      2.99%     43.07% |       31786      2.90%     45.97% |       31821      2.90%     48.88% |       31709      2.89%     51.77% |       34314      3.13%     54.90% |       32158      2.93%     57.83% |       33011      3.01%     60.84% |       32581      2.97%     63.81% |       33076      3.02%     66.83% |       32516      2.97%     69.80% |       33058      3.02%     72.81% |       32057      2.92%     75.74% |       33694      3.07%     78.81% |       32392      2.95%     81.76% |       32891      3.00%     84.76% |       31865      2.91%     87.67% |       33211      3.03%     90.70% |       31951      2.91%     93.61% |       34331      3.13%     96.75% |       35684      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1096363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         161     15.51%     15.51% |          30      2.89%     18.40% |          28      2.70%     21.10% |          28      2.70%     23.80% |          28      2.70%     26.49% |          28      2.70%     29.19% |          28      2.70%     31.89% |          28      2.70%     34.59% |          28      2.70%     37.28% |          28      2.70%     39.98% |          26      2.50%     42.49% |          28      2.70%     45.18% |          32      3.08%     48.27% |          28      2.70%     50.96% |          28      2.70%     53.66% |          28      2.70%     56.36% |          28      2.70%     59.06% |          28      2.70%     61.75% |          29      2.79%     64.55% |          29      2.79%     67.34% |          28      2.70%     70.04% |          28      2.70%     72.74% |          30      2.89%     75.63% |          28      2.70%     78.32% |          28      2.70%     81.02% |          28      2.70%     83.72% |          28      2.70%     86.42% |          28      2.70%     89.11% |          29      2.79%     91.91% |          28      2.70%     94.61% |          28      2.70%     97.30% |          28      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         758     97.81%     97.81% |           3      0.39%     98.19% |           2      0.26%     98.45% |           1      0.13%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           1      0.13%     98.71% |           0      0.00%     98.71% |           1      0.13%     98.84% |           4      0.52%     99.35% |           3      0.39%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         919     50.69%     50.69% |          33      1.82%     52.51% |          30      1.65%     54.16% |          29      1.60%     55.76% |          28      1.54%     57.31% |          28      1.54%     58.85% |          28      1.54%     60.40% |          28      1.54%     61.94% |          28      1.54%     63.49% |          28      1.54%     65.03% |          26      1.43%     66.46% |          28      1.54%     68.01% |          32      1.77%     69.77% |          28      1.54%     71.32% |          29      1.60%     72.92% |          28      1.54%     74.46% |          29      1.60%     76.06% |          32      1.77%     77.83% |          32      1.77%     79.59% |          31      1.71%     81.30% |          28      1.54%     82.85% |          28      1.54%     84.39% |          30      1.65%     86.05% |          28      1.54%     87.59% |          28      1.54%     89.13% |          28      1.54%     90.68% |          28      1.54%     92.22% |          28      1.54%     93.77% |          29      1.60%     95.37% |          28      1.54%     96.91% |          28      1.54%     98.46% |          28      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1813                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76544      4.23%      4.23% |      905242     50.00%     54.23% |      210177     11.61%     65.84% |      207785     11.48%     77.31% |      203331     11.23%     88.54% |      207405     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1810484                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76544      4.23%      4.23% |      905242     50.00%     54.23% |      210177     11.61%     65.84% |      207785     11.48%     77.31% |      203331     11.23%     88.54% |      207405     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1810484                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76544      4.23%      4.23% |      905242     50.00%     54.23% |      210177     11.61%     65.84% |      207785     11.48%     77.31% |      203331     11.23%     88.54% |      207405     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1810484                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76544      4.23%      4.23% |      905242     50.00%     54.23% |      210177     11.61%     65.84% |      207785     11.48%     77.31% |      203331     11.23%     88.54% |      207405     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1810484                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
