
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154060                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154060361000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330228439500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   150328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187641144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4532696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   821.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64879516                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123425143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25272128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25272128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21424320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21424320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164040431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164040431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139064454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139064454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303104885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303104885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394878                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394878                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25270784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21424128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25272192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21424320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    74554                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    13139                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154060097500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394878                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334755                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 206929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   6557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   4748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   4807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   4638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  3747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 79092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  49676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  56481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  15441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  18221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  28378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.348532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.180458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.100126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68318     31.65%     31.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55893     25.90%     57.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69156     32.04%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9594      4.45%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5762      2.67%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2849      1.32%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1474      0.68%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1039      0.48%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1746      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.676497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.679401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51429     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        51437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.508088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.983526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.264258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41973     81.60%     81.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3128      6.08%     87.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3711      7.21%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2624      5.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        51436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 51823245175                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            59226795175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   131245.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              149995.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  292998                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 220776                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211147.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565928500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122348830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              821840040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              809827200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              448424625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              441870000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546724400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533097800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086819120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082360880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61282414845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61026011460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678897250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903812500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113927488440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113859348000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.505557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.063256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20686400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20686400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159102730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159102730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134274643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134274643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293377373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293377373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24510336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20686208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20686400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    50276                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11329                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154059606500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 202766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   4794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   5246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   5525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   5724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   5545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 55103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  52876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  55558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  15396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  24079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       187603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.912821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.380423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.792099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40569     21.62%     21.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54587     29.10%     50.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69239     36.91%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9453      5.04%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6206      3.31%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2754      1.47%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1572      0.84%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1044      0.56%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2179      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       187603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.684753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.349570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49828     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.485973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.973931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.214287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40367     81.00%     81.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3724      7.47%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3232      6.49%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2511      5.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 45909448632                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53090211132                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   119876.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              138626.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  289582                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 229008                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218148.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121872765750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              714994560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              703284120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              390126000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              383736375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500883800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486243200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049695200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044783360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60249720195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59775219135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584769750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40000998750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113552557665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113456633100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.071874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.449226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20687360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159105638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159105638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134280874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134280874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293386512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293386512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323240                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323240                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20687296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20687360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    48426                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    11108                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154059520000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323240                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 203097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   4767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   4790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   5356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   5799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   5833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   5722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  4038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  3734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 52980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  52895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  55679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  15312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  24098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       186973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.733127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.335009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.526378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39933     21.36%     21.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53751     28.75%     50.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69966     37.42%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9515      5.09%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6289      3.36%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2739      1.46%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1569      0.84%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1033      0.55%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2178      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       186973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.679353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.403415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49865     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        49871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.481502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.970356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.213250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40443     81.10%     81.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3672      7.36%     88.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3196      6.41%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2560      5.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        49871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 45270328987                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            52451185237                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   118205.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              136955.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  289709                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 229530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218141.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121776044500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              712968480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              700532280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              389020500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              382234875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501164600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486048200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049695200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044861120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59827454505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59365275705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955178250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360598250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113497849695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113401918590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.716763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.094073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24492032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24492032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20685824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20685824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158976857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158976857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134270904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134270904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293247762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293247762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382688                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323216                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24491392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20685696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24492032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20685824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    49800                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    10795                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154059237500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323216                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 202672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   4809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   4848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   5296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   5838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   5960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   5781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   5396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  3392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  3436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  3548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 54315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  52947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  54922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  15634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  17076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  23433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       185566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.451149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.299748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.714901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38286     20.63%     20.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54126     29.17%     49.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69844     37.64%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9782      5.27%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5895      3.18%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2770      1.49%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1611      0.87%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1034      0.56%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2218      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       185566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.671893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.765216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49874     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        49880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.479832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.970510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.204666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40410     81.01%     81.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3703      7.42%     88.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3268      6.55%     94.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2499      5.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        49880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 45585934864                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            52761147364                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   119123.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              137873.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  289718                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 230601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218243.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122689719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              708984360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              693879480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              386846625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              378604875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499433000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485369600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049520240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044874080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60005229525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59458987125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39799235250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278395250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113511617160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113402478570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.806128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.097708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547655                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 54.701377                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.287536                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               116.988474                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12634232     93.26%     93.26% |      264455      1.95%     95.21% |      189321      1.40%     96.61% |      149307      1.10%     97.71% |      121782      0.90%     98.61% |      106749      0.79%     99.40% |       52034      0.38%     99.78% |       26762      0.20%     99.98% |        3011      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547655                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44454241                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.097834                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.656352                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.049878                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    42346812     95.26%     95.26% |     1427479      3.21%     98.47% |       39285      0.09%     98.56% |       43264      0.10%     98.66% |       50986      0.11%     98.77% |       90311      0.20%     98.97% |      159480      0.36%     99.33% |      210084      0.47%     99.81% |       86540      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44454241                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44454239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              25.376759                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.718351                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            159.337465                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    44133573     99.28%     99.28% |      264740      0.60%     99.87% |       48953      0.11%     99.98% |        6226      0.01%    100.00% |         679      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44454239                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        42282710                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000152                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014153                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    42276805     99.99%     99.99% |        5764      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          42282710                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171529                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        461.080626                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       242.824127                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       565.817429                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1850863     85.23%     85.23% |      264740     12.19%     97.42% |       48953      2.25%     99.68% |        6226      0.29%     99.97% |         679      0.03%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171529                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         312649                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       312649                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          323                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          269                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          304                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     27647361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28959535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14630327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14757469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       573157                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46200                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       200517                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2132432                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78030                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        34689                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        34397                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        34677                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        34202                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        34545                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        34389                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        34604                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        34648                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        17032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47803                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24906                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        44834                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22252461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22252461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22566498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22252461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9401715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9363701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22252461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.072220                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10290621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10290621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10611333                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10290621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5029709                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4963213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10290621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.033398                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7303290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7303290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7590546                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7303290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2782377                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2769478                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7303290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023703                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6181833                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6181833                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6449826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6181833                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2428524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2419077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6181833                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8520022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8520022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8848703                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8520022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3701855                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3673846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8520022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027652                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8758120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8758120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9068898                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8758120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3673992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3663812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8758120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028424                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9282742                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9282742                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9620260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9282742                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3374995                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3363870                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9282742                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030127                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6337312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6337312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6653192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6337312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2446744                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2435668                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6337312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4270543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4270543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4425063                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4270543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1710859                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1701547                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4270543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013860                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5619646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5619646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5860300                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5619646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2420089                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2406346                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5619646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018238                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884634                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884634                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3976776                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884634                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463935                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461170                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884634                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3446550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3446550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3471325                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3446550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279562                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3446550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011186                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4768037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4768037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4802438                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4768037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967635                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1967141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4768037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015475                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3643149                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3643149                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3670029                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3643149                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371759                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371413                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3643149                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011824                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104083                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104083                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2127677                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104083                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       769007                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768631                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104083                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006829                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3261308                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166868                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166028                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010415                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4327458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4327458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4379258                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4327458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519867                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518890                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4327458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014045                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359718                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359718                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3417076                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359718                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205851                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204714                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359718                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010904                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3433038                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3433038                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3515539                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3433038                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254439                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3433038                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959398                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959398                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1979759                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959398                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724195                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723870                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959398                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798635                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798635                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803257                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798635                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720815                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798635                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005837                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2437303                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034630                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430539                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007888                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109097                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109097                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2115982                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109097                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845098                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845009                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109097                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006845                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1759914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1759914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1764382                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1759914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675466                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675414                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1759914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408855                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408855                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416059                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408855                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014338                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013999                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408855                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007818                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2074934                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819394                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819327                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006712                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506453                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506453                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7880279                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7880279                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8300216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880279                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2953051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2947283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7880278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025575                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7878962                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7878962                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8166223                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7878962                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896324                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2890310                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7878962                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025571                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7880356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7880356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8257952                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897794                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7880356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025576                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8217150                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8217150                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8557884                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8217150                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3030960                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023942                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8217150                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026669                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13565738     30.53%     30.53% |    28801207     64.83%     95.36% |     2060322      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     44427267                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13565739     30.53%     30.53% |    28801208     64.83%     95.36% |     2060322      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     44427269                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   506621673                       |   691726343                       |    45958694                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   964564836                       |   117080541                       |     2060322                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.345677                       |   24.017269                       |   22.306559                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   71.103012                       |    4.065126                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.007726                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    24.392806                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.400532                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002260                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.054547      7.84%      7.84% |    0.054525      7.83%     15.67% |    0.052854      7.59%     23.27% |    0.052815      7.59%     30.85% |    0.111988     16.09%     46.94% |    0.111985     16.09%     63.03% |    0.111931     16.08%     79.11% |    0.111922     16.08%     95.20% |    0.008358      1.20%     96.40% |    0.008361      1.20%     97.60% |    0.008360      1.20%     98.80% |    0.008360      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.696007                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017244                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027775                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004513                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002026                       |    0.002020                       |    0.002009                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001957                       |    0.001956                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002033                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002060                       |    0.001991                       |    0.002003                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002045                       |    0.002034                       |    0.002052                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002076                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002096                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002271                       |    0.002225                       |    0.007684                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007446                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000911                       |    0.001927                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000127                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002140                       |    0.001419                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002149                       |    0.000126                       |    0.002551                       |    0.005389                       |    0.001865                       |           0                       |    0.002274                       |    0.006826                       |           0                       |    0.005297                       |    0.008471                       |    0.002707                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002140                       |    0.000127                       |    0.005666                       |    0.004566                       |    0.009423                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002123                       |    0.000129                       |    0.007890                       |    0.004964                       |    0.003176                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.008174                       |    0.005030                       |    0.003529                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004137                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002350                       |           0                       |    0.002215                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |    0.001421                       |           0                       |    0.002247                       |           0                       |    0.001147                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002380                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002138                       |    0.000127                       |    0.002512                       |    0.004098                       |    0.005365                       |    0.002219                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000127                       |    0.004699                       |    0.008353                       |    0.007278                       |    0.003295                       |    0.027659                       |    0.003972                       |    0.000911                       |    0.003438                       |    0.013766                       |    0.018361                       |    0.004113                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002243                       |    0.001927                       |    0.003424                       |    0.007525                       |    0.014168                       |    0.004111                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000127                       |    0.006905                       |    0.005511                       |    0.007881                       |    0.004110                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |           0                       |    0.002019                       |    0.004095                       |    0.004074                       |    0.003170                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |           0                       |    0.001119                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002356                       |           0                       |    0.002255                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002181                       |           0                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002330                       |    0.003984                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.002408                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |    0.005294                       |    0.007228                       |    0.002118                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002076                       |    0.000126                       |    0.014795                       |    0.005661                       |    0.003522                       |    0.002166                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002083                       |    0.000127                       |    0.002288                       |    0.007867                       |    0.004267                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.002338                       |    0.006597                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |    0.008212                       |    0.004588                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.001148                       |    0.004066                       |    0.002294                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002204                       |           0                       |    0.000220                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002058                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.000889                       |           0                       |    0.003825                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002913                       |    0.000667                       |    0.004718                       |           0                       |    0.002166                       |           0                       |    0.007086                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002312                       |           0                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.000889                       |    0.005116                       |    0.002745                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004555                       |    0.004403                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004161                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002096                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.696007                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14505702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14505702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11843536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11188722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.471128                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          584195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14932533                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95063                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22539186                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188707                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15027596                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22727893                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37471719                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283770                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37755489                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14764659                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14774755                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14764659                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14774755                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301294067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47295585                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76446457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14505702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11772917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247988186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       378881                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347123                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14764054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297127388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266306585     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5825240      1.96%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1719330      0.58%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1358860      0.46%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4972010      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5256942      1.77%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1207888      0.41%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           615985      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9864548      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297127388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28205775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244273486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17711763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6175259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141979093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30942869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151605367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16931738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20842923                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76043386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138677200                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2921983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150875952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     312769933                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    188088316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133193011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447760                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41837690                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7938449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23099230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1076685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       840542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135843254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       585795                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140030128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294480                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141914                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297127388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239883778     80.73%     80.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22622913      7.61%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13727519      4.62%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8694357      2.93%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3429496      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3993582      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730229      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562274      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483240      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297127388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123975      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954504     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324161     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504865      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101540280     72.51%     72.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14994884     10.71%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22874017     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140030128                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464762                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010017                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    578884708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149039780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130841927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140927875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1559622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10077                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8360398                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5561294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142731849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136429049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7938449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23099230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       576702                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         105576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10077                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776353                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138729373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14766899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37345173                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12150998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22578274                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130983342                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130841947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78287714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112820102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.434267                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.693916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       443881                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       708017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294900065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245649889     83.30%     83.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19257716      6.53%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10991119      3.73%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10798439      3.66%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2245620      0.76%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       515510      0.17%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390349      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523639      0.18%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2527784      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294900065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64879515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      123425140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28621090                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6597050                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11445086                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122848844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       502115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94472806     76.54%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6597050      5.34%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22024040     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    123425140                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2527784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            428520070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274951772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4166679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64879515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             123425140                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.643901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.643901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.215336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.215336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        191598945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95515087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60514570                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45353917                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62162602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2629680500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2629680499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248293                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        89.033827                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.464535                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      165.449294                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5334934     85.38%     85.38% |      264391      4.23%     89.61% |      189321      3.03%     92.64% |      149307      2.39%     95.03% |      121782      1.95%     96.98% |      106749      1.71%     98.69% |       52034      0.83%     99.52% |       26762      0.43%     99.95% |        3011      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248293                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280597                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.320849                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.199161                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.870397                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5162043     70.90%     70.90% |     2110743     28.99%     99.89% |        7182      0.10%     99.99% |         565      0.01%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280597                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18765                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.117879                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.809713                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.099542                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         664      3.54%      3.54% |        2254     12.01%     15.55% |        8608     45.87%     61.42% |        4376     23.32%     84.74% |        2849     15.18%     99.93% |          13      0.07%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18765                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6811564                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           38.744597                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.976943                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         219.093156                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6715971     98.60%     98.60% |       77086      1.13%     99.73% |       16240      0.24%     99.97% |        2035      0.03%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6811564                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6363463                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000575                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000495                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024395                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6359822     99.94%     99.94% |        3638      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6363463                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     546.343907                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    217.333624                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    673.701461                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      352508     78.67%     78.67% |       77086     17.20%     95.87% |       16240      3.62%     99.49% |        2035      0.45%     99.95% |         200      0.04%     99.99% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448101                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22558800                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           35.681488                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.112225                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         187.013426                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22333787     99.00%     99.00% |      187607      0.83%     99.83% |       32701      0.14%     99.98% |        4191      0.02%    100.00% |         479      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22558800                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20990661                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000128                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000103                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014769                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20988499     99.99%     99.99% |        2024      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20990661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568139                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     473.144840                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    279.978437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    545.394694                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1343126     85.65%     85.65% |      187607     11.96%     97.61% |       32701      2.09%     99.70% |        4191      0.27%     99.97% |         479      0.03%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568139                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14757467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.749225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.532345                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14757409    100.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14757467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14630327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14630325    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14630327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.964433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.573063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    73.337224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      127082     99.95%     99.95% |          45      0.04%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.078434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019866                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.147963                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323536     99.52%     99.52% |        1446      0.44%     99.96% |         104      0.03%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296881     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.950642                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.297113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.234166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26555     94.43%     94.43% |        1446      5.14%     99.57% |         104      0.37%     99.94% |          14      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       168035                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3943643                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       112674                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    30932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    30707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    30666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    30903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    30956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    30822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    30936                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    31633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    31400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    30910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   31062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   31395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   31628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   30512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   31484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   30553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  14258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   6952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  14669                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   6845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  14335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   6889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  14400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   6252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  14023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   6691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 14347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  6499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 13734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  7134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 13881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  7126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     5385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3756                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     5429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     5297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    5311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    3610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    5358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3858                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    5355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    3825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                45190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                37659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                45335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                37748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                45291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                37711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                45336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                37885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                45423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                37601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               45409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               37894                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               45362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               37646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               45365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               37679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               136068843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                94170872                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               128463427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                93498037                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               127302778                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                84690413                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               123165101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                89601777                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               124562491                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                91989754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              124985458                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               79753470                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              124591518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               95213061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              129997407                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              105086882                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 8709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 7827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8765                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8693                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8779                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                7759                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                8999                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7902                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                7648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               5915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               5918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               6014                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2864                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               5859                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               5931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               2672                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              5845                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              5625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              2626                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              5656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               22223                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               23035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               21960                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               23076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               22346                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               23158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               22171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               23508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               22707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               23054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              22283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              23636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              22629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              22610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              22516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              22905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             13873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              7941                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             14136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             13750                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              7818                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             13925                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7468                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             13389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              7922                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            13813                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            13467                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             8366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            13580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             8071                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2838632                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2209044                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2840917                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2206588                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2851481                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2218020                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2835433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2254603                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2844072                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2272943                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2848145                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2233932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2870714                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2265463                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2870385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2233600                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1855393                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1341616                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1971578                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1203436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1977901                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1296160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1974629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1139818                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1964161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1176422                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1959703                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1323781                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1930306                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1222895                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1945052                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1235214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             595415                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             520004                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595103                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             522067                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             595370                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             518762                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             522085                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             520885                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            595418                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            520722                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595707                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            520298                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595851                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            521008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3234142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2771754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3037552                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2890483                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3105431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2783316                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3085069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3008973                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3000081                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2964154                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3091423                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2791183                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3120794                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2884926                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3100530                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2908333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1855393                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1341616                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1971578                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1203436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1977901                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1296160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1974629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1139818                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1964161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1176422                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1959703                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1323781                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1930306                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1222895                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1945052                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1235214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516443                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515982                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        516881                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        595072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        516138                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        595054                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        516424                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594758                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       515896                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594858                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       516376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594770                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       516497                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2174621                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1716263                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2150418                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1712862                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2160592                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1720068                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2161494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1759260                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2117293                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1767154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2154831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1714487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2149823                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1757019                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2173331                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1745366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2819774                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2190865                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2822321                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2177515                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2828985                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2193444                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2821486                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2223322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2825476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2246662                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2829196                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2212519                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2851314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2232018                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2842620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2212122                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305838273                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305838269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305838275                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305838271                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305838280                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305838276                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305838292                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305838288                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2826306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2192825                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2821865                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2192048                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2833903                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2195166                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2817232                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2249108                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2832385                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2260384                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2829810                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2220043                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2857917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2256724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2854368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2208159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             14258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              6952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             14669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              6845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             14335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              6889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             14400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              6252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             14023                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              6691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             6499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             7134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            13881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             7126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              6990                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6982                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              7156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             6894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             7346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             7030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             7332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2047                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1815                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394851     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382998     24.81%     75.21% |      382688     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328924     25.68%     25.68% |      317387     24.77%     50.45% |      317399     24.78%     75.23% |      317373     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394877     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382998     24.81%     75.21% |      382688     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543554                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334755     25.66%     25.66% |      323225     24.78%     50.44% |      323240     24.78%     75.22% |      323216     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57735     25.14%     25.14% |       57412     25.00%     50.13% |       57407     24.99%     75.13% |       57123     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394851     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382998     24.81%     75.21% |      382688     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328668     25.67%     25.67% |      317193     24.78%     50.45% |      317208     24.78%     75.22% |      317184     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57735     25.14%     25.14% |       57412     25.00%     50.13% |       57407     24.99%     75.13% |       57123     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394850     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382998     24.81%     75.21% |      382688     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543527                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328668     25.67%     25.67% |      317193     24.78%     50.45% |      317208     24.78%     75.22% |      317184     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6612661     97.05%     97.05% |          14      0.00%     97.05% |       25088      0.37%     97.42% |       25088      0.37%     97.79% |       25088      0.37%     98.16% |       25088      0.37%     98.53% |       25088      0.37%     98.90% |       25088      0.37%     99.26% |       25088      0.37%     99.63% |       25088      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6813379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14757517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14757517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22349058     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |       67070      0.29%     97.95% |       67068      0.29%     98.24% |       67066      0.29%     98.53% |       67067      0.29%     98.83% |       67066      0.29%     99.12% |       67069      0.29%     99.41% |       67067      0.29%     99.71% |       67069      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22885600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18674     99.72%     99.72% |          14      0.07%     99.80% |           8      0.04%     99.84% |           5      0.03%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           6      0.03%     99.90% |           4      0.02%     99.92% |           6      0.03%     99.95% |           7      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434094     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91025      4.21%     70.53% |       91056      4.21%     74.74% |       91012      4.21%     78.95% |       91028      4.21%     83.16% |       91015      4.21%     87.37% |       91009      4.21%     91.58% |       91033      4.21%     95.79% |       91022      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           4     21.05%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           3     15.79%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           5     26.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           5     25.00%     35.00% |           5     25.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           4     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247439     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       24720      5.55%     61.13% |       24728      5.55%     66.68% |       24728      5.55%     72.24% |       24727      5.55%     77.79% |       24723      5.55%     83.34% |       24719      5.55%     88.89% |       24724      5.55%     94.45% |       24729      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           3     15.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           3     15.00%     60.00% |           7     35.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191859     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66808      3.87%     72.91% |       66808      3.87%     76.78% |       66791      3.87%     80.65% |       66792      3.87%     84.52% |       66788      3.87%     88.39% |       66797      3.87%     92.26% |       66805      3.87%     96.13% |       66796      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307158     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91007      4.47%     68.70% |       91015      4.47%     73.17% |       91007      4.47%     77.64% |       90999      4.47%     82.11% |       90998      4.47%     86.59% |       90998      4.47%     91.06% |       91017      4.47%     95.53% |       91007      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250052     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24723      5.52%     61.35% |       24728      5.52%     66.87% |       24728      5.52%     72.40% |       24728      5.52%     77.92% |       24726      5.52%     83.44% |       24722      5.52%     88.96% |       24731      5.52%     94.48% |       24730      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061837     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66808      4.19%     70.71% |       66808      4.19%     74.89% |       66791      4.18%     79.08% |       66792      4.18%     83.26% |       66788      4.18%     87.45% |       66797      4.18%     91.63% |       66805      4.19%     95.82% |       66796      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           8      0.07%     99.75% |           5      0.04%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           5      0.04%     99.84% |           3      0.03%     99.87% |           6      0.05%     99.92% |           7      0.06%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4535    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1941     98.93%     98.93% |           0      0.00%     98.93% |           4      0.20%     99.13% |           4      0.20%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           4      0.20%     99.54% |           1      0.05%     99.59% |           3      0.15%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           5      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14630327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14630327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5459     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124376     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3197533     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         365      0.01%     99.92% |         360      0.01%     99.93% |         360      0.01%     99.94% |         360      0.01%     99.95% |         362      0.01%     99.97% |         366      0.01%     99.98% |         357      0.01%     99.99% |         358      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3200421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1868     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186454     48.53%     48.53% |           0      0.00%     48.53% |       24715      6.43%     54.96% |       24723      6.43%     61.40% |       24710      6.43%     67.83% |       24723      6.43%     74.27% |       24723      6.43%     80.70% |       24698      6.43%     87.13% |       24724      6.44%     93.56% |       24728      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     27.78%     27.78% |           5     27.78%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           4     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3010724    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3010724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21227778     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         259      0.00%     99.99% |         256      0.00%     99.99% |         274      0.00%     99.99% |         272      0.00%     99.99% |         275      0.00%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |         260      0.00%    100.00% |         271      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21229912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         183     98.92%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           1      0.54%     99.46% |           1      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120704     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66292      4.02%     71.90% |       66292      4.02%     75.91% |       66297      4.02%     79.93% |       66276      4.01%     83.94% |       66275      4.01%     87.95% |       66300      4.02%     91.97% |       66293      4.02%     95.99% |       66279      4.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           4     21.05%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           3     15.79%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           5     26.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.22%     98.22% |           0      0.00%     98.22% |           5      0.81%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           2      0.32%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           1      0.16%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247439     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       24720      5.55%     61.13% |       24728      5.55%     66.68% |       24728      5.55%     72.24% |       24727      5.55%     77.79% |       24723      5.55%     83.34% |       24719      5.55%     88.89% |       24724      5.55%     94.45% |       24729      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           3     15.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           3     15.00%     60.00% |           7     35.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     13.40%     13.40% |           0      0.00%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |          32     32.99%     47.42% |           5      5.15%     52.58% |          18     18.56%     71.13% |          13     13.40%     84.54% |           1      1.03%     85.57% |           6      6.19%     91.75% |           8      8.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061887     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66808      4.19%     70.71% |       66808      4.19%     74.89% |       66791      4.18%     79.08% |       66792      4.18%     83.26% |       66788      4.18%     87.45% |       66797      4.18%     91.63% |       66805      4.19%     95.82% |       66796      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1815    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     94.13%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |           3      0.77%     94.90% |           4      1.02%     95.92% |           1      0.26%     96.17% |           3      0.77%     96.94% |           3      0.77%     97.70% |           5      1.28%     98.98% |           2      0.51%     99.49% |           2      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307158     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91007      4.47%     68.70% |       91015      4.47%     73.17% |       91007      4.47%     77.64% |       90999      4.47%     82.11% |       90998      4.47%     86.59% |       90998      4.47%     91.06% |       91017      4.47%     95.53% |       91007      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.02% |        3538      2.78%      8.80% |        3535      2.78%     11.58% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4078      3.21%     17.66% |        3852      3.03%     20.69% |        3400      2.67%     23.37% |        3670      2.89%     26.25% |        5263      4.14%     30.39% |        4069      3.20%     33.59% |        3929      3.09%     36.68% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4527      3.56%     43.12% |        3963      3.12%     46.24% |        3833      3.01%     49.25% |        4273      3.36%     52.61% |        4310      3.39%     56.00% |        3756      2.95%     58.96% |        3436      2.70%     61.66% |        3179      2.50%     64.16% |        3790      2.98%     67.14% |        3597      2.83%     69.97% |        3442      2.71%     72.67% |        3755      2.95%     75.62% |        3870      3.04%     78.67% |        3359      2.64%     81.31% |        4766      3.75%     85.06% |        4104      3.23%     88.28% |        5238      4.12%     92.40% |        5174      4.07%     96.47% |        4490      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108465     24.20%     24.20% |       13877      3.10%     27.30% |       11543      2.58%     29.87% |       12325      2.75%     32.63% |       11485      2.56%     35.19% |       10961      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.80% |        9722      2.17%     41.97% |       11712      2.61%     44.59% |       10325      2.30%     46.89% |       13073      2.92%     49.81% |       12102      2.70%     52.51% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9917      2.21%     56.98% |        9381      2.09%     59.08% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10968      2.45%     63.69% |       10108      2.26%     65.95% |       10361      2.31%     68.26% |       10699      2.39%     70.65% |       10622      2.37%     73.02% |       11064      2.47%     75.48% |       12406      2.77%     78.25% |        9960      2.22%     80.47% |       10132      2.26%     82.74% |       10764      2.40%     85.14% |        9984      2.23%     87.37% |        9726      2.17%     89.54% |       11138      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11927      2.66%     96.96% |       13640      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66426      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46348      2.90%     16.07% |       46460      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.82% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47458      2.97%     27.65% |       47400      2.97%     30.62% |       47606      2.98%     33.60% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48186      3.02%     51.40% |       48415      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       51044      3.20%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172900      8.50%      8.50% |       64063      3.15%     11.64% |       58562      2.88%     14.52% |       58275      2.86%     17.38% |       57593      2.83%     20.21% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58941      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60438      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58966      2.90%     54.03% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60977      3.00%     78.00% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60613      2.98%     84.04% |       61235      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69838      3.43%     96.66% |       68040      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51119      3.99%      3.99% |       39628      3.10%      7.09% |       39653      3.10%     10.19% |       39642      3.10%     13.28% |       39619      3.09%     16.38% |       39632      3.10%     19.47% |       39632      3.10%     22.57% |       39640      3.10%     25.67% |       39649      3.10%     28.76% |       39650      3.10%     31.86% |       39649      3.10%     34.96% |       39656      3.10%     38.06% |       39631      3.10%     41.15% |       39643      3.10%     44.25% |       39644      3.10%     47.35% |       39628      3.10%     50.44% |       39668      3.10%     53.54% |       39654      3.10%     56.64% |       39659      3.10%     59.74% |       39655      3.10%     62.83% |       39638      3.10%     65.93% |       39665      3.10%     69.03% |       39657      3.10%     72.13% |       39653      3.10%     75.22% |       39656      3.10%     78.32% |       39655      3.10%     81.42% |       39652      3.10%     84.52% |       39644      3.10%     87.61% |       39651      3.10%     90.71% |       39635      3.10%     93.81% |       39643      3.10%     96.90% |       39647      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7411      3.23%      3.23% |        7201      3.13%      6.36% |        7194      3.13%      9.49% |        7157      3.11%     12.60% |        7203      3.13%     15.74% |        7138      3.11%     18.85% |        7161      3.12%     21.96% |        7174      3.12%     25.08% |        7234      3.15%     28.23% |        7170      3.12%     31.35% |        7235      3.15%     34.50% |        7213      3.14%     37.64% |        7277      3.17%     40.81% |        7208      3.14%     43.94% |        7228      3.15%     47.09% |        7139      3.11%     50.20% |        7170      3.12%     53.32% |        7199      3.13%     56.45% |        7216      3.14%     59.59% |        7140      3.11%     62.70% |        7145      3.11%     65.81% |        7132      3.10%     68.91% |        7111      3.09%     72.01% |        7099      3.09%     75.09% |        7196      3.13%     78.23% |        7243      3.15%     81.38% |        7170      3.12%     84.50% |        7090      3.09%     87.58% |        7136      3.11%     90.69% |        7152      3.11%     93.80% |        7111      3.09%     96.90% |        7130      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59646      3.86%      3.86% |       47879      3.10%      6.97% |       47895      3.10%     10.07% |       47847      3.10%     13.17% |       47868      3.10%     16.27% |       47817      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47862      3.10%     25.57% |       47931      3.11%     28.67% |       47868      3.10%     31.77% |       47931      3.11%     34.88% |       47916      3.10%     37.98% |       47956      3.11%     41.09% |       47898      3.10%     44.19% |       47919      3.10%     47.30% |       47814      3.10%     50.40% |       47885      3.10%     53.50% |       47901      3.10%     56.60% |       47922      3.10%     59.71% |       47843      3.10%     62.81% |       47831      3.10%     65.91% |       47846      3.10%     69.01% |       47816      3.10%     72.10% |       47799      3.10%     75.20% |       47899      3.10%     78.30% |       47947      3.11%     81.41% |       47871      3.10%     84.51% |       47781      3.10%     87.61% |       47834      3.10%     90.71% |       47835      3.10%     93.80% |       47803      3.10%     96.90% |       47826      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543527                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58622      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.08% |       46823      3.10%     13.18% |       46844      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46838      3.10%     25.58% |       46907      3.10%     28.69% |       46844      3.10%     31.79% |       46907      3.10%     34.89% |       46892      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.41% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46877      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46819      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46775      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46847      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.09%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46811      3.10%     93.81% |       46779      3.10%     96.90% |       46802      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          58     31.02%     31.02% |           1      0.53%     31.55% |           6      3.21%     34.76% |           5      2.67%     37.43% |          23     12.30%     49.73% |          24     12.83%     62.57% |           2      1.07%     63.64% |           4      2.14%     65.78% |           3      1.60%     67.38% |           1      0.53%     67.91% |           3      1.60%     69.52% |           3      1.60%     71.12% |           2      1.07%     72.19% |           0      0.00%     72.19% |           0      0.00%     72.19% |           0      0.00%     72.19% |           1      0.53%     72.73% |           1      0.53%     73.26% |           6      3.21%     76.47% |           3      1.60%     78.07% |           1      0.53%     78.61% |           3      1.60%     80.21% |           3      1.60%     81.82% |           3      1.60%     83.42% |           3      1.60%     85.03% |           3      1.60%     86.63% |           3      1.60%     88.24% |           5      2.67%     90.91% |           5      2.67%     93.58% |           5      2.67%     96.26% |           6      3.21%     99.47% |           1      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          187                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         635      3.43%      3.43% |         547      2.95%      6.38% |         528      2.85%      9.23% |         523      2.82%     12.06% |         566      3.06%     15.11% |         527      2.85%     17.96% |         566      3.06%     21.01% |         590      3.19%     24.20% |         622      3.36%     27.56% |         544      2.94%     30.50% |         611      3.30%     33.79% |         623      3.36%     37.16% |         676      3.65%     40.81% |         619      3.34%     44.15% |         636      3.43%     47.58% |         577      3.12%     50.70% |         585      3.16%     53.86% |         627      3.39%     57.24% |         618      3.34%     60.58% |         559      3.02%     63.60% |         558      3.01%     66.61% |         571      3.08%     69.69% |         539      2.91%     72.60% |         527      2.85%     75.45% |         604      3.26%     78.71% |         648      3.50%     82.21% |         590      3.19%     85.39% |         530      2.86%     88.26% |         542      2.93%     91.18% |         561      3.03%     94.21% |         544      2.94%     97.15% |         528      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173207      8.48%      8.48% |       64270      3.15%     11.63% |       58768      2.88%     14.51% |       58472      2.86%     17.37% |       57805      2.83%     20.21% |       56504      2.77%     22.97% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55305      2.71%     28.38% |       59154      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.10% |       60649      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56452      2.77%     48.35% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59152      2.90%     54.04% |       58517      2.87%     56.90% |       59896      2.93%     59.84% |       60879      2.98%     62.82% |       60910      2.98%     65.80% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64328      3.15%     72.05% |       60552      2.97%     75.01% |       61166      3.00%     78.01% |       62478      3.06%     81.07% |       60805      2.98%     84.05% |       61424      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61917      3.03%     93.23% |       70030      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.24%      3.24% |         470      2.81%      6.06% |         466      2.79%      8.85% |         466      2.79%     11.64% |         513      3.07%     14.71% |         468      2.80%     17.51% |         505      3.02%     20.53% |         531      3.18%     23.71% |         549      3.29%     27.00% |         491      2.94%     29.94% |         537      3.21%     33.15% |         569      3.41%     36.56% |         623      3.73%     40.29% |         566      3.39%     43.68% |         582      3.48%     47.16% |         525      3.14%     50.30% |         536      3.21%     53.51% |         574      3.44%     56.95% |         567      3.39%     60.34% |         513      3.07%     63.41% |         508      3.04%     66.45% |         524      3.14%     69.59% |         483      2.89%     72.48% |         471      2.82%     75.30% |         548      3.28%     78.58% |         595      3.56%     82.14% |         534      3.20%     85.34% |         482      2.89%     88.23% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.06%     94.24% |         493      2.95%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18692      7.93%      7.93% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7034      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6995      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6996      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.53% |        6975      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.43% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6987      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6988      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7025      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235763                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40354      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         559      3.36%      3.36% |         469      2.82%      6.18% |         464      2.79%      8.97% |         465      2.80%     11.77% |         510      3.07%     14.84% |         468      2.81%     17.65% |         507      3.05%     20.70% |         529      3.18%     23.88% |         546      3.28%     27.17% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         535      3.22%     33.30% |         567      3.41%     36.71% |         618      3.72%     40.42% |         561      3.37%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.27% |         521      3.13%     50.40% |         531      3.19%     53.59% |         570      3.43%     57.02% |         565      3.40%     60.42% |         506      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         478      2.87%     88.27% |         487      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88087     42.05%     42.05% |        6769      3.23%     45.28% |        4446      2.12%     47.40% |        5266      2.51%     49.92% |        4471      2.13%     52.05% |        3063      1.46%     53.51% |        2708      1.29%     54.81% |        2719      1.30%     56.10% |        4664      2.23%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5978      2.85%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.69% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2747      1.31%     70.53% |        3969      1.89%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.92% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5402      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3118      1.49%     86.43% |        3751      1.79%     88.22% |        2994      1.43%     89.65% |        2759      1.32%     90.97% |        4131      1.97%     92.94% |        3205      1.53%     94.47% |        4966      2.37%     96.84% |        6613      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209486                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25993      8.52%      8.52% |       10086      3.31%     11.82% |        6891      2.26%     14.08% |        5819      1.91%     15.99% |        5977      1.96%     17.95% |        6092      2.00%     19.94% |        4963      1.63%     21.57% |        5255      1.72%     23.29% |        7108      2.33%     25.62% |        7055      2.31%     27.93% |        7276      2.38%     30.32% |        7753      2.54%     32.86% |        6380      2.09%     34.95% |        6542      2.14%     37.09% |        6749      2.21%     39.30% |        6831      2.24%     41.54% |        7834      2.57%     44.11% |        8063      2.64%     46.75% |        9229      3.02%     49.78% |        9835      3.22%     53.00% |        9948      3.26%     56.26% |       11697      3.83%     60.09% |       11593      3.80%     63.89% |       10254      3.36%     67.25% |       10696      3.51%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.48% |       10473      3.43%     77.91% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.77% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51116      3.99%      3.99% |       39622      3.10%      7.09% |       39647      3.10%     10.19% |       39637      3.10%     13.28% |       39618      3.09%     16.38% |       39627      3.10%     19.47% |       39630      3.10%     22.57% |       39636      3.10%     25.67% |       39647      3.10%     28.76% |       39648      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39655      3.10%     38.05% |       39630      3.10%     41.15% |       39642      3.10%     44.25% |       39642      3.10%     47.34% |       39627      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39653      3.10%     56.64% |       39656      3.10%     59.73% |       39655      3.10%     62.83% |       39638      3.10%     65.93% |       39663      3.10%     69.03% |       39655      3.10%     72.13% |       39651      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39649      3.10%     84.52% |       39642      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39645      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6775      3.21%      3.21% |        6659      3.15%      6.36% |        6666      3.16%      9.52% |        6634      3.14%     12.66% |        6615      3.13%     15.79% |        6593      3.12%     18.91% |        6595      3.12%     22.03% |        6584      3.12%     25.15% |        6611      3.13%     28.28% |        6627      3.14%     31.42% |        6625      3.14%     34.56% |        6588      3.12%     37.68% |        6600      3.12%     40.80% |        6590      3.12%     43.92% |        6594      3.12%     47.04% |        6563      3.11%     50.15% |        6585      3.12%     53.27% |        6572      3.11%     56.38% |        6595      3.12%     59.50% |        6578      3.11%     62.62% |        6586      3.12%     65.73% |        6560      3.11%     68.84% |        6571      3.11%     71.95% |        6571      3.11%     75.06% |        6591      3.12%     78.18% |        6593      3.12%     81.31% |        6580      3.12%     84.42% |        6557      3.10%     87.53% |        6593      3.12%     90.65% |        6588      3.12%     93.77% |        6563      3.11%     96.87% |        6603      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172898      8.50%      8.50% |       64063      3.15%     11.64% |       58562      2.88%     14.52% |       58275      2.86%     17.38% |       57593      2.83%     20.21% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58941      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60438      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58966      2.90%     54.03% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60977      3.00%     78.00% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60613      2.98%     84.04% |       61235      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69838      3.43%     96.66% |       68040      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      5.00%      5.00% |           2      3.33%      8.33% |           5      8.33%     16.67% |           4      6.67%     23.33% |           1      1.67%     25.00% |           3      5.00%     30.00% |           2      3.33%     33.33% |           4      6.67%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           1      1.67%     45.00% |           3      5.00%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           1      1.67%     61.67% |           2      3.33%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2      3.33%     68.33% |           2      3.33%     71.67% |           2      3.33%     75.00% |           1      1.67%     76.67% |           1      1.67%     78.33% |           3      5.00%     83.33% |           2      3.33%     86.67% |           2      3.33%     90.00% |           2      3.33%     93.33% |           2      3.33%     96.67% |           2      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          77      3.95%      3.95% |          73      3.74%      7.69% |          64      3.28%     10.97% |          58      2.97%     13.94% |          78      4.00%     17.94% |          77      3.95%     21.89% |          59      3.02%     24.91% |          61      3.13%     28.04% |          77      3.95%     31.98% |          59      3.02%     35.01% |          75      3.84%     38.85% |          58      2.97%     41.82% |          59      3.02%     44.85% |          57      2.92%     47.77% |          57      2.92%     50.69% |          55      2.82%     53.51% |          54      2.77%     56.28% |          57      2.92%     59.20% |          56      2.87%     62.07% |          56      2.87%     64.94% |          57      2.92%     67.86% |          52      2.67%     70.53% |          57      2.92%     73.45% |          59      3.02%     76.47% |          58      2.97%     79.45% |          58      2.97%     82.42% |          56      2.87%     85.29% |          55      2.82%     88.11% |          56      2.87%     90.98% |          56      2.87%     93.85% |          59      3.02%     96.87% |          61      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           8     20.51%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |          14     35.90%     79.49% |           2      5.13%     84.62% |           6     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           7     14.89%     14.89% |           8     17.02%     31.91% |           5     10.64%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |          12     25.53%     68.09% |           0      0.00%     68.09% |          14     29.79%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     93.75%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58622      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.08% |       46823      3.10%     13.18% |       46844      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46838      3.10%     25.58% |       46907      3.10%     28.69% |       46844      3.10%     31.79% |       46907      3.10%     34.89% |       46892      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.41% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46877      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46819      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46775      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46847      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.09%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46811      3.10%     93.81% |       46779      3.10%     96.90% |       46802      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     68.35%     68.35% |           0      0.00%     68.35% |           2      2.53%     70.89% |           1      1.27%     72.15% |           1      1.27%     73.42% |           1      1.27%     74.68% |           1      1.27%     75.95% |           1      1.27%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           1      1.27%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           1      1.27%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           2      2.53%     82.28% |           1      1.27%     83.54% |           1      1.27%     84.81% |           1      1.27%     86.08% |           1      1.27%     87.34% |           2      2.53%     89.87% |           2      2.53%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.77%      3.77% |           1      0.94%      4.72% |           4      3.77%      8.49% |           4      3.77%     12.26% |          22     20.75%     33.02% |          22     20.75%     53.77% |           1      0.94%     54.72% |           3      2.83%     57.55% |           3      2.83%     60.38% |           1      0.94%     61.32% |           2      1.89%     63.21% |           3      2.83%     66.04% |           2      1.89%     67.92% |           0      0.00%     67.92% |           0      0.00%     67.92% |           0      0.00%     67.92% |           1      0.94%     68.87% |           1      0.94%     69.81% |           5      4.72%     74.53% |           3      2.83%     77.36% |           1      0.94%     78.30% |           1      0.94%     79.25% |           2      1.89%     81.13% |           2      1.89%     83.02% |           2      1.89%     84.91% |           2      1.89%     86.79% |           1      0.94%     87.74% |           3      2.83%     90.57% |           2      1.89%     92.45% |           3      2.83%     95.28% |           4      3.77%     99.06% |           1      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.96%      3.96% |          72      3.90%      7.86% |          60      3.25%     11.11% |          54      2.93%     14.04% |          56      3.04%     17.07% |          55      2.98%     20.05% |          58      3.14%     23.20% |          58      3.14%     26.34% |          74      4.01%     30.35% |          58      3.14%     33.50% |          73      3.96%     37.45% |          55      2.98%     40.43% |          57      3.09%     43.52% |          57      3.09%     46.61% |          57      3.09%     49.70% |          55      2.98%     52.68% |          53      2.87%     55.56% |          56      3.04%     58.59% |          51      2.76%     61.36% |          53      2.87%     64.23% |          56      3.04%     67.26% |          51      2.76%     70.03% |          55      2.98%     73.01% |          57      3.09%     76.10% |          56      3.04%     79.13% |          56      3.04%     82.17% |          55      2.98%     85.15% |          52      2.82%     87.97% |          54      2.93%     90.89% |          53      2.87%     93.77% |          55      2.98%     96.75% |          60      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         559      3.36%      3.36% |         469      2.82%      6.18% |         464      2.79%      8.97% |         465      2.80%     11.77% |         510      3.07%     14.84% |         468      2.81%     17.65% |         507      3.05%     20.70% |         529      3.18%     23.88% |         546      3.28%     27.17% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         535      3.22%     33.30% |         567      3.41%     36.71% |         618      3.72%     40.42% |         561      3.37%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.27% |         521      3.13%     50.40% |         531      3.19%     53.59% |         570      3.43%     57.02% |         565      3.40%     60.42% |         506      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         478      2.87%     88.27% |         487      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18692      7.93%      7.93% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7034      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6995      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6996      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.53% |        6975      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.43% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6987      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6988      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7025      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235763                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.24%      3.24% |         470      2.81%      6.06% |         466      2.79%      8.85% |         466      2.79%     11.64% |         512      3.07%     14.70% |         468      2.80%     17.50% |         505      3.02%     20.53% |         531      3.18%     23.71% |         549      3.29%     26.99% |         491      2.94%     29.93% |         537      3.21%     33.15% |         569      3.41%     36.55% |         623      3.73%     40.28% |         566      3.39%     43.67% |         582      3.48%     47.16% |         525      3.14%     50.30% |         536      3.21%     53.51% |         574      3.44%     56.94% |         567      3.39%     60.34% |         513      3.07%     63.41% |         508      3.04%     66.45% |         524      3.14%     69.59% |         483      2.89%     72.48% |         471      2.82%     75.30% |         548      3.28%     78.58% |         595      3.56%     82.14% |         534      3.20%     85.34% |         482      2.89%     88.22% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.07%     94.24% |         493      2.95%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40354      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173203      8.48%      8.48% |       64264      3.15%     11.63% |       58766      2.88%     14.51% |       58466      2.86%     17.37% |       57804      2.83%     20.21% |       56504      2.77%     22.97% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55305      2.71%     28.38% |       59154      2.90%     31.27% |       57720      2.83%     34.10% |       60648      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56449      2.77%     48.35% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59152      2.90%     54.04% |       58517      2.87%     56.90% |       59887      2.93%     59.84% |       60879      2.98%     62.82% |       60910      2.98%     65.80% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64328      3.15%     72.04% |       60552      2.97%     75.01% |       61165      3.00%     78.01% |       62476      3.06%     81.07% |       60804      2.98%     84.05% |       61423      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70029      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      280711     23.64%     23.64% |      593616     50.00%     73.64% |       39053      3.29%     76.93% |       39664      3.34%     80.27% |       39159      3.30%     83.57% |       39131      3.30%     86.87% |       38841      3.27%     90.14% |       39207      3.30%     93.44% |       38803      3.27%     96.71% |       39047      3.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1187232                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      280711     23.64%     23.64% |      593616     50.00%     73.64% |       39053      3.29%     76.93% |       39664      3.34%     80.27% |       39159      3.30%     83.57% |       39131      3.30%     86.87% |       38841      3.27%     90.14% |       39207      3.30%     93.44% |       38803      3.27%     96.71% |       39047      3.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1187232                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      280711     23.64%     23.64% |      593616     50.00%     73.64% |       39053      3.29%     76.93% |       39664      3.34%     80.27% |       39159      3.30%     83.57% |       39131      3.30%     86.87% |       38841      3.27%     90.14% |       39207      3.30%     93.44% |       38803      3.27%     96.71% |       39047      3.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1187232                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      280711     23.64%     23.64% |      593616     50.00%     73.64% |       39053      3.29%     76.93% |       39664      3.34%     80.27% |       39159      3.30%     83.57% |       39131      3.30%     86.87% |       38841      3.27%     90.14% |       39207      3.30%     93.44% |       38803      3.27%     96.71% |       39047      3.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1187232                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
