
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59771400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235939478500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37769                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31914628                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4817636                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1872.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39762323                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70735237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234801795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234801795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67050128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67050128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301851922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301851922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      679                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      339                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59770908500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.550114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.228690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.782568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41268     48.39%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17772     20.84%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14847     17.41%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2659      3.12%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1781      2.09%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1300      1.52%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1146      1.34%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          952      1.12%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3550      4.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.831849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.826700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11870     96.99%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          185      1.51%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           82      0.67%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           50      0.41%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           28      0.23%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.116431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.078829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.887120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12113     98.97%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            50      0.41%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           20      0.16%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           56      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3068035799                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7179217049                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13992.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32742.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  158039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38563                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    212022.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10797299250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46974469500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              325495800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              319152960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              177601875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              174141000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862477200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847665000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205701120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200076480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25629455205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24935821920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13378530750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13986981000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44482968510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44367544920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.266656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.335446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231735178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231735178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64256551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64256551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295991728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           295991728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      478                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      287                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59770649500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.637992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.016433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.702656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38008     46.98%     46.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16983     20.99%     67.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14414     17.82%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2614      3.23%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1867      2.31%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1322      1.63%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1113      1.38%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          967      1.20%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3619      4.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.290320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.549136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11363     96.91%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          183      1.56%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           82      0.70%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.32%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           30      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           16      0.14%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.117868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.871333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11598     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            54      0.46%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           27      0.23%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           46      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2862935838                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6920473338                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13229.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31979.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156601                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38895                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216219.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11226552750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46546007250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              309831480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              301825440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169054875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              164686500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851572800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836261400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197549280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25323071940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24359932395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13647288000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14492147250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44402074935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44249855625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.913185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.366328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231745885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231745885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64276895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64276895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296022780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296022780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216434                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216434                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      497                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      303                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59770696500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216434                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.973216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.223390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.691691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37966     46.99%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16716     20.69%     67.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14536     17.99%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2679      3.32%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1862      2.30%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1344      1.66%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1124      1.39%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          947      1.17%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3622      4.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.357423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.973173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11376     96.95%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          174      1.48%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           80      0.68%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           44      0.37%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           31      0.26%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      0.11%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.115903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.078863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.879823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11618     99.01%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            41      0.35%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           23      0.20%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           52      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2894675596                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6952588096                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13375.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32125.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156713                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216197.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11132021500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46640687000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              309098160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              301712040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              168654750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              164624625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851674200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197607600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25296341220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24508000440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13670736000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14362263000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44397818490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44268009465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.841968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.670069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231498543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231498543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64219075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64219075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295717617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295717617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216204                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      852                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      313                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59770654500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216204                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.634104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.533702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.548557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37726     46.88%     46.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16643     20.68%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14580     18.12%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2605      3.24%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1846      2.29%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1319      1.64%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1152      1.43%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          945      1.17%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3655      4.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.383617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.698908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11342     96.88%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          173      1.48%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           91      0.78%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           43      0.37%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           31      0.26%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.123003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.083345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.909959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11579     98.91%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            51      0.44%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.19%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           55      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3038184071                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             7091802821                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14053.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32803.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38964                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216419.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11024008750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46749413250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              307223280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              301137480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              167631750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              164311125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850309200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25213047975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24314773860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13743800250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14531760000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44382970215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44243001825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.593535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.251654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472891                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.460433                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.085913                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.068745                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5267496     70.49%     70.49% |     2187854     29.28%     99.77% |       12840      0.17%     99.94% |        2458      0.03%     99.97% |         906      0.01%     99.98% |         524      0.01%     99.99% |         426      0.01%     99.99% |         303      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472891                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20885141                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.639057                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450471                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.979706                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20019467     95.86%     95.86% |      852572      4.08%     99.94% |        6131      0.03%     99.97% |        1852      0.01%     99.98% |        1406      0.01%     99.98% |         910      0.00%     99.99% |         495      0.00%     99.99% |         575      0.00%     99.99% |        1733      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20885141                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20885138                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.546822                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.778424                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.926710                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20867481     99.92%     99.92% |       15088      0.07%     99.99% |        1092      0.01%     99.99% |         733      0.00%    100.00% |         439      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20885138                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19659907                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000240                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015494                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19655195     99.98%     99.98% |        4709      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19659907                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225231                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.775989                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.917364                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       124.655222                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207574     98.56%     98.56% |       15088      1.23%     99.79% |        1092      0.09%     99.88% |         733      0.06%     99.94% |         439      0.04%     99.98% |         183      0.01%     99.99% |          90      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225231                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814148                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814148                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14110154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14551377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4751259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4875542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111463                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22664                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52996                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1885786                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45277                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3150                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           62                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99352                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           96                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles          100                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           74                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          154                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9339910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9339910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9414894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9339910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4616760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4615078                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9339910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078130                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5726547                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5726547                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5770736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5726547                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3760226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3753443                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5726547                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272577                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2058627                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2056972                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035474                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3755696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3755696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781599                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1940134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1939228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3755696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031417                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4038173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4038173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4058684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4038173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2436943                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2434453                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4038173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033780                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3751556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3751556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770533                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3751556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2168696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3751556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031383                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822817                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822817                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856816                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822817                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083149                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822817                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720294                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720294                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3746022                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720294                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810254                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1809610                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720294                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031121                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546566                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324606                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324286                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021212                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2956031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2956031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2968291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2956031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1646532                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1645995                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2956031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2063815                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2063815                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070255                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2063815                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910186                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910051                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2063815                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733174                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733174                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733174                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785444                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733174                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014498                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995004                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1010967                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010829                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771603                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801066                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800996                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768775                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062394                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062394                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064335                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062394                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454706                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454666                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062394                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008887                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495801                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495801                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1499835                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495801                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676387                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676253                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495801                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012513                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041605                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821946                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017029                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618447                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618447                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622143                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618447                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689064                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688967                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618447                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013539                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513382                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707593                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707411                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012612                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893549                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398360                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398281                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891061                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007454                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451735                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985714                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541356                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541298                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949062                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474101                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007932                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004939                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849251                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407391                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971827                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971827                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972502                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971827                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530087                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971827                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935509                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462280                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934788                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004997                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880842                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879793                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855605                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032253                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3706423                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735415                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734612                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761518                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761518                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793898                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761518                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696778                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695830                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761518                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031466                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3853117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770267                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769345                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031958                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6348167     29.34%     29.34% |    14162218     65.46%     94.81% |     1123626      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21634011                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6348169     29.34%     29.34% |    14162219     65.46%     94.81% |     1123626      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21634014                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154802553                       |   334754160                       |    25525774                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15362107                       |    45470365                       |     1124452                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.385394                       |   23.637128                       |   22.717322                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.419928                       |    3.210681                       |    1.000735                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.808922                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.863867                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.672789                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002840                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062031      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062215      7.11%     14.20% |    0.061989      7.09%     21.29% |    0.062176      7.11%     28.40% |    0.144969     16.57%     44.97% |    0.144087     16.47%     61.44% |    0.144952     16.57%     78.02% |    0.144056     16.47%     94.48% |    0.012059      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012065      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012062      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012063      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.874723                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021680                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022631                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002799                       |    0.002143                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002132                       |    0.002131                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004931                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002485                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002399                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002496                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002432                       |    0.002419                       |    0.002569                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002486                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002421                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002454                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002503                       |    0.002492                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002644                       |    0.010993                       |    0.010847                       |    0.010847                       |    0.010836                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000637                       |    0.007452                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000867                       |    0.000846                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000863                       |    0.000813                       |    0.000817                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002566                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002000                       |    0.004024                       |    0.002594                       |    0.000813                       |    0.003670                       |    0.007098                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.002593                       |    0.005550                       |           0                       |    0.008231                       |    0.012143                       |    0.003736                       |    0.004849                       |    0.002558                       |    0.000901                       |    0.007815                       |    0.008474                       |    0.010878                       |    0.004044                       |    0.002543                       |    0.000867                       |    0.010290                       |    0.006722                       |    0.006951                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |    0.005414                       |           0                       |    0.011234                       |    0.007149                       |    0.004404                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.005011                       |    0.003579                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |    0.002584                       |           0                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002002                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002135                       |    0.004021                       |    0.002547                       |    0.000817                       |    0.004846                       |    0.003418                       |    0.006899                       |    0.002179                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000846                       |    0.003844                       |    0.009534                       |    0.010029                       |    0.002928                       |    0.027450                       |    0.004237                       |    0.000637                       |    0.006871                       |    0.014743                       |    0.017785                       |    0.006408                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002566                       |    0.007452                       |    0.006223                       |    0.012325                       |    0.013009                       |    0.006324                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002527                       |    0.000859                       |    0.005664                       |    0.007866                       |    0.006782                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003406                       |    0.003444                       |           0                       |    0.002533                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.002454                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |    0.002616                       |           0                       |    0.004261                       |    0.003319                       |    0.004541                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002656                       |    0.005415                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.008043                       |    0.009913                       |    0.002505                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002524                       |    0.000848                       |    0.016699                       |    0.007529                       |    0.006092                       |    0.002620                       |    0.004044                       |    0.002505                       |    0.000863                       |    0.005333                       |    0.010282                       |    0.005566                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002649                       |    0.005409                       |           0                       |    0.003602                       |    0.011282                       |    0.006444                       |    0.002571                       |           0                       |    0.002515                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004908                       |    0.003225                       |    0.002538                       |           0                       |    0.002563                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002421                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002004                       |           0                       |    0.004357                       |           0                       |    0.002505                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |    0.001508                       |    0.005484                       |           0                       |    0.002620                       |           0                       |    0.008323                       |    0.003232                       |    0.002855                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |    0.006356                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002571                       |           0                       |    0.004352                       |    0.005689                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002538                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004916                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002467                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.874723                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8046194                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8046194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6145495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5515805                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.753633                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          742842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12352217                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52693                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9933620                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44992                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12404910                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9978612                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22285837                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22383522                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4882658                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9820                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4892478                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4882658                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9820                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4892478                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112714427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17668306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48151308                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8046194                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6258647                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90053153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       231926                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320670                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4881983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3940                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108961237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92382894     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692696      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1172739      1.08%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2675945      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1597238      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           732010      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1374450      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           865113      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6468152      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108961237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10425067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86733659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5584609                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82410214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12522604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49746604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6485160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9019482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30808925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80996761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8057160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90501381                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184850138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118106203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78014834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176847                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34337116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7596621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10157575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2633480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2363372                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78923685                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       658566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82065394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083720                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62824                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108961237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76841955     70.52%     70.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12275322     11.27%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6448266      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4675251      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3483096      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3219027      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483522      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339248      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195550      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108961237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181161     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631765     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84569      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273041      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59195537     72.13%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12491142     15.22%     87.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10025217     12.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82065394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.728082                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274161813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87407230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75923880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82689800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2384464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2675                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5593538                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7139200                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34297859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79582251                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7596621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10157575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       649350                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         630835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447961                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179413                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81487788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12341361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22289781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6481055                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9948420                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76004368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75923916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45934636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76097814                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673595                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       595742                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107569274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84633096     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7990118      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4374318      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2459704      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2644327      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2085626      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480903      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482944      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2418238      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107569274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39762322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70735234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16079631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6441412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6099345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70360977                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       664044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54418820     76.93%     77.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6441412      9.11%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9638219     13.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70735234                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2418238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184646742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160537949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3753190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39762322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70735234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.834704                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.834704                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120274984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59165352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29756383                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24626157                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35431242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10673072000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10673072000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408262                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.996880                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.216812                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.662648                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2373418     69.64%     69.64% |     1017393     29.85%     99.49% |       12789      0.38%     99.86% |        2447      0.07%     99.94% |         885      0.03%     99.96% |         520      0.02%     99.98% |         425      0.01%     99.99% |         303      0.01%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408262                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039205                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.027126                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.990373                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.512652                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873225     71.13%     71.13% |     1165890     28.86%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039205                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25424                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.387075                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.907643                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.878866                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         785      3.09%      3.09% |        3479     13.68%     16.77% |       11446     45.02%     61.79% |        5143     20.23%     82.02% |        4149     16.32%     98.34% |         364      1.43%     99.77% |          52      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25424                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6146444                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.430817                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.114912                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          83.708594                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6132004     99.77%     99.77% |       11877      0.19%     99.96% |        1086      0.02%     99.98% |         733      0.01%     99.99% |         439      0.01%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6146444                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5342446                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000528                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.022989                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5339624     99.95%     99.95% |        2821      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5342446                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803998                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     205.056113                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    177.061179                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    134.470762                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789558     98.20%     98.20% |       11877      1.48%     99.68% |        1086      0.14%     99.82% |         733      0.09%     99.91% |         439      0.05%     99.96% |         183      0.02%     99.98% |          90      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803998                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9705577                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.814967                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362703                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.578951                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9516375     98.05%     98.05% |      166910      1.72%     99.77% |       19002      0.20%     99.97% |         325      0.00%     99.97% |        1285      0.01%     99.98% |        1490      0.02%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9705577                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9417924                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000188                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000162                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013716                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9416158     99.98%     99.98% |        1764      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9417924                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.453592                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.858251                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.656032                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98451     34.23%     34.23% |      166910     58.02%     92.25% |       19002      6.61%     98.86% |         325      0.11%     98.97% |        1285      0.45%     99.42% |        1490      0.52%     99.93% |         183      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4875540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.088580                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.702472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4861893     99.72%     99.72% |       11219      0.23%     99.95% |        2171      0.04%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4875540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4751259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4751258    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4751259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124281                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.934922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.150652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.952301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.02%     89.02% |       11219      9.03%     98.05% |        2171      1.75%     99.79% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          93      0.07%     99.90% |         106      0.09%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124281                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156271                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647852                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.164797                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154290     98.73%     98.73% |        1526      0.98%     99.71% |         396      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156271                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146879     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.988888                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.743245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.576624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1526     16.46%     95.09% |         396      4.27%     99.36% |          19      0.20%     99.57% |          19      0.20%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13468                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       589685                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62707                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     8111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   109189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54641                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  108946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   890                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   911                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5974                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                     162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      85                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  310396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139637890719516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139637890896321                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  215884                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  118167                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30828992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31015411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31189133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                31017876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30935760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31043548                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               31207517                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31052480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               30946705                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31023229                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31163756                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31033849                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30935368                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31040252                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31211730                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31045720                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30944654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31023972                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31197702                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31033275                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30936305                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31063169                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31221202                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31066873                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30970037                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31049830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31199053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31054666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957473                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53482                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107719                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53494                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               108046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107430                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107649                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107835                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53505                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53550                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107650                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                810                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                754                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               902                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               754                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               748                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               766                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4050                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4050                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1120                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4057                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               3545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1139                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               309                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 765586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8717006                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1182492                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8925097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 697986                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8755494                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1220030                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9035474                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 677505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8605373                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1176016                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8846281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                692741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8576337                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1141924                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8807681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                681400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8540249                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1185451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8740303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                694229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8548221                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1208527                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8738321                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                669023                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9183071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1165620                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9301483                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                733730                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8849176                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1132912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9089389                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                710745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                620834                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8632959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1125439                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8837881                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672009                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8672919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1163785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8949860                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                654322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8521363                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1118041                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8759087                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               667418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8493671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1093248                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8721818                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               657571                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8456241                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1128166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8653735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               669697                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8465551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1151387                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8652858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               645333                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9095809                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1107072                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9211370                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               704437                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8763722                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1078526                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              9000816                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               684043                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             461576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             577459                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              94903                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             570868                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             448886                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577782                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              92029                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            573905                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            455947                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577473                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             90488                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            574004                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            415733                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            576890                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             95464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            570281                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            462327                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            576948                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             93232                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            571125                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            455047                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            576830                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94356                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            575870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            463548                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            576834                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             96863                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            571599                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            442318                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            579692                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             93643                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               958542                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               112999                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               120349                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               102290                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               104773                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109013                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              112700                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              117314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101703                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105558                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108268                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113439                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115491                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              105162                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              109227                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              137044                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              142416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143807                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128657                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131602                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           620834                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8632959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1125439                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8837881                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672009                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8672919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1163785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8949860                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           654322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8521363                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1118041                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8759087                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          667418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8493671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1093248                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8721818                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          657571                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8456241                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1128166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8653735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          669697                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8465551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1151387                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8652858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          645333                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9095809                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1107072                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9211370                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          704437                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8763722                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1078526                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         9000816                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          684043                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263037                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        461389                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        577459                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         94572                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        570868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        448540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577782                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         91874                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       573905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       455885                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577473                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        90229                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       574004                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       415659                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       576890                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        95162                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       570281                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       462327                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       576948                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        93121                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       571125                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       454990                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       576830                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        93989                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       575870                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       463423                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       576834                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        96610                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       571599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       442318                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       579692                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        93514                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          624817                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          112999                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116059                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          119456                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          102290                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          104773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108212                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         112700                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         117314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101703                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105558                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         107467                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113439                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115491                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119931                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         105162                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         108422                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         137044                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         142416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142735                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128657                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             765329                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8647262                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1125439                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8853280                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8685750                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1163785                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8963652                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             667986                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8535629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1118041                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8774464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            682421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8506593                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1093248                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8735869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            671216                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8470505                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1128166                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8668476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            684624                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8478477                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1151387                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8666509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            659094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9113327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1107072                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9229671                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            722604                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8779432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1078526                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9017562                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            700663                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              2029                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1872                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               647                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             2215                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1019                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             2348                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2093                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1173                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2284                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              967                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2464                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1140                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2206                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1240                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103276030                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104117233                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108753802                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696729                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103276026                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104117229                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108753798                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696735                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103276032                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104117235                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108753804                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103276028                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104117231                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108753800                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696740                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103276037                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104117240                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108753809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103276033                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104117236                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108753805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103276049                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104117252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108753821                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696748                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103276045                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104117248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108753817                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11165892                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15227768                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11238177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14899215                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10763018                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15201306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11245128                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14886196                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10756795                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15184730                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11237508                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14856117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10763098                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15165501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11245405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14837577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10753112                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15137000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11244244                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14802527                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10762145                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15136199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11232429                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14801123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10748773                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15441693                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11253313                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15085367                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10781262                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15329626                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11248397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        15003334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10770493                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               698                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               72                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               72                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              699                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2550                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38996                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2421                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             195                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             129                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             711                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             326                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             284                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             707                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles              66                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles             18                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            158                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              6                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles            283                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles             96                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles            709                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            126                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles            170                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              5                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            702                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles            330                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles            510                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles             40                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            711                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles            229                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            290                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles             33                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles            708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            129                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219261     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219288     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.92%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868349                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154345     25.03%     25.03% |      154123     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219261     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154345     25.03%     25.03% |      154123     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219261     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868322                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4758237     77.40%     77.40% |          76      0.00%     77.40% |      181731      2.96%     80.36% |      172987      2.81%     83.17% |      172259      2.80%     85.98% |      172515      2.81%     88.78% |      172643      2.81%     91.59% |      172475      2.81%     94.40% |      172299      2.80%     97.20% |      172171      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6147393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4875606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4875606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9795578     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        8001      0.08%     99.55% |        7489      0.08%     99.63% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        8001      0.08%     99.86% |        6977      0.07%     99.93% |        6977      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9864644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15731     73.16%     73.16% |          71      0.33%     73.49% |        2320     10.79%     84.28% |         486      2.26%     86.54% |         489      2.27%     88.81% |         483      2.25%     91.06% |         481      2.24%     93.29% |         503      2.34%     95.63% |         451      2.10%     97.73% |         488      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561705     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96179      7.90%     54.06% |       80105      6.58%     60.64% |       79855      6.56%     67.20% |       79862      6.56%     73.76% |       79866      6.56%     80.32% |       80094      6.58%     86.91% |       79713      6.55%     93.46% |       79650      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         136     13.85%     14.56% |         134     13.65%     28.21% |         134     13.65%     41.85% |         134     13.65%     55.50% |         138     14.05%     69.55% |         165     16.80%     86.35% |         134     13.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          78      2.65%      3.23% |         404     13.75%     16.98% |         412     14.02%     31.00% |         412     14.02%     45.02% |         404     13.75%     58.76% |         429     14.60%     73.36% |         370     12.59%     85.95% |         413     14.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           4      5.48%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           2      2.74%     95.89% |           2      2.74%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154481     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85683     10.73%     30.09% |       79915     10.01%     40.10% |       79723      9.99%     50.09% |       79735      9.99%     60.08% |       79726      9.99%     70.06% |       79919     10.01%     80.07% |       79531      9.96%     90.04% |       79535      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2267     77.14%     77.61% |         102      3.47%     81.08% |          97      3.30%     84.38% |          96      3.27%     87.65% |          88      2.99%     90.64% |          96      3.27%     93.91% |          96      3.27%     97.18% |          83      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411000     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8689      2.05%     99.04% |         609      0.14%     99.18% |         559      0.13%     99.32% |         555      0.13%     99.45% |         576      0.14%     99.58% |         601      0.14%     99.72% |         609      0.14%     99.87% |         557      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          17      9.14%     46.24% |          17      9.14%     55.38% |          16      8.60%     63.98% |          16      8.60%     72.58% |          19     10.22%     82.80% |          18      9.68%     92.47% |          14      7.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.29%      9.29% |           0      0.00%      9.29% |          79     34.96%     44.25% |          21      9.29%     53.54% |          17      7.52%     61.06% |          16      7.08%     68.14% |          16      7.08%     75.22% |          21      9.29%     84.51% |          20      8.85%     93.36% |          15      6.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438215     40.39%     40.39% |           0      0.00%     40.39% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       79221      7.30%     56.33% |       78989      7.28%     63.61% |       79000      7.28%     70.89% |       79006      7.28%     78.17% |       79206      7.30%     85.47% |       78812      7.26%     92.74% |       78785      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153620     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88203     10.99%     30.14% |       80282     10.01%     40.15% |       80065      9.98%     50.13% |       80072      9.98%     60.10% |       80069      9.98%     70.08% |       80264     10.00%     80.09% |       79920      9.96%     90.05% |       79874      9.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         335      0.11%     99.38% |         302      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         342      0.12%     99.80% |         305      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11273     67.37%     67.37% |           0      0.00%     67.37% |        2294     13.71%     81.07% |         457      2.73%     83.81% |         458      2.74%     86.54% |         453      2.71%     89.25% |         452      2.70%     91.95% |         472      2.82%     94.77% |         419      2.50%     97.28% |         456      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1458     91.58%     91.58% |          38      2.39%     93.97% |          12      0.75%     94.72% |          12      0.75%     95.48% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.98% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1352    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          62     93.94%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           2      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         825     42.90%     42.90% |           0      0.00%     42.90% |          18      0.94%     43.84% |         149      7.75%     51.59% |         150      7.80%     59.39% |         149      7.75%     67.13% |         148      7.70%     74.83% |         154      8.01%     82.84% |         181      9.41%     92.25% |         149      7.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87674     12.33%     14.05% |       87719     12.34%     26.39% |       87211     12.26%     38.65% |       86661     12.19%     50.84% |       87596     12.32%     63.16% |       87212     12.26%     75.42% |       87431     12.30%     87.72% |       87339     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4751259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4751259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.73%     13.73% |           0      0.00%     13.73% |          15      9.80%     23.53% |          17     11.11%     34.64% |          17     11.11%     45.75% |          16     10.46%     56.21% |          16     10.46%     66.67% |          19     12.42%     79.08% |          18     11.76%     90.85% |          14      9.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2208     89.68%     89.68% |          14      0.57%     90.25% |          26      1.06%     91.31% |          29      1.18%     92.49% |          31      1.26%     93.74% |          30      1.22%     94.96% |          29      1.18%     96.14% |          31      1.26%     97.40% |          32      1.30%     98.70% |          32      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122549     94.15%     94.15% |           0      0.00%     94.15% |        2567      1.97%     96.12% |         735      0.56%     96.69% |         716      0.55%     97.24% |         713      0.55%     97.79% |         712      0.55%     98.33% |         734      0.56%     98.90% |         720      0.55%     99.45% |         716      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596125     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |        5617      0.34%     97.92% |        4749      0.29%     98.21% |        4747      0.29%     98.50% |        5545      0.34%     98.84% |        4742      0.29%     99.13% |        4763      0.29%     99.42% |        4711      0.29%     99.71% |        4721      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25200     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3075      6.19%     56.93% |        3065      6.17%     63.10% |        3065      6.17%     69.27% |        3066      6.17%     75.45% |        3059      6.16%     81.61% |        3056      6.15%     87.76% |        3031      6.10%     93.86% |        3049      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1949     97.16%     97.16% |          57      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127213     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82418     11.08%     28.18% |       76525     10.29%     38.47% |       76327     10.26%     48.73% |       76337     10.26%     58.99% |       76343     10.26%     69.25% |       76521     10.29%     79.54% |       76083     10.23%     89.76% |       76155     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.66% |          64     10.49%     11.15% |          73     11.97%     23.11% |          79     12.95%     36.07% |          80     13.11%     49.18% |          72     11.80%     60.98% |          90     14.75%     75.74% |          69     11.31%     87.05% |          79     12.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2993841     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2995638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9482743     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4583      0.05%     99.75% |        4105      0.04%     99.79% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3622      0.04%     99.96% |        3624      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9516536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311002     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2696      0.79%     95.30% |        2662      0.78%     96.08% |        2663      0.78%     96.86% |        2663      0.78%     97.64% |        2685      0.79%     98.43% |        2729      0.80%     99.23% |        2630      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.29%     10.29% |          10     14.71%     25.00% |           8     11.76%     36.76% |           8     11.76%     48.53% |           8     11.76%     60.29% |          12     17.65%     77.94% |           7     10.29%     88.24% |           8     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.21%     15.37% |         333     14.30%     29.67% |         332     14.26%     43.92% |         332     14.26%     58.18% |         339     14.56%     72.74% |         301     12.92%     85.66% |         334     14.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154481     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85683     10.73%     30.09% |       79915     10.01%     40.10% |       79723      9.99%     50.09% |       79735      9.99%     60.08% |       79726      9.99%     70.06% |       79919     10.01%     80.07% |       79531      9.96%     90.04% |       79535      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2267     77.14%     77.61% |         102      3.47%     81.08% |          97      3.30%     84.38% |          96      3.27%     87.65% |          88      2.99%     90.64% |          96      3.27%     93.91% |          96      3.27%     97.18% |          83      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124876     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |         265      0.21%     98.51% |         277      0.22%     98.73% |         257      0.20%     98.93% |         253      0.20%     99.13% |         267      0.21%     99.34% |         261      0.21%     99.55% |         305      0.24%     99.79% |         268      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     87.67%     87.67% |           4      5.48%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           0      0.00%     93.15% |           2      2.74%     95.89% |           2      2.74%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286124     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         332      0.11%     99.38% |         302      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         340      0.11%     99.80% |         304      0.10%     99.90% |         289      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          17      9.14%     46.24% |          17      9.14%     55.38% |          16      8.60%     63.98% |          16      8.60%     72.58% |          19     10.22%     82.80% |          18      9.68%     92.47% |          14      7.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.29%      9.29% |           0      0.00%      9.29% |          79     34.96%     44.25% |          21      9.29%     53.54% |          17      7.52%     61.06% |          16      7.08%     68.14% |          16      7.08%     75.22% |          21      9.29%     84.51% |          20      8.85%     93.36% |          15      6.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438215     40.39%     40.39% |           0      0.00%     40.39% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       79221      7.30%     56.33% |       78989      7.28%     63.61% |       79000      7.28%     70.89% |       79006      7.28%     78.17% |       79206      7.30%     85.47% |       78812      7.26%     92.74% |       78785      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084828                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3592      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3270      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3912      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.73% |        3491      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.04% |        3903      3.14%     46.18% |        3753      3.02%     49.20% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4188      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3094      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3649      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5243      4.22%     92.33% |        5075      4.08%     96.41% |        4465      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64998      8.08%      8.08% |       24835      3.09%     11.17% |       23707      2.95%     14.12% |       24439      3.04%     17.16% |       23816      2.96%     20.12% |       23527      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24581      3.06%     31.86% |       23667      2.94%     34.80% |       25086      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23722      2.95%     58.59% |       23917      2.97%     61.57% |       23906      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24411      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23844      2.97%     96.73% |       26296      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9394      3.16%     17.14% |        8839      2.98%     20.12% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         134     87.58%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           1      0.65%     88.24% |           1      0.65%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2      1.31%     90.20% |           1      0.65%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           7      4.58%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           1      0.65%     96.73% |           0      0.00%     96.73% |           2      1.31%     98.04% |           1      0.65%     98.69% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76731      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33633      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.06% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33357      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35238      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084828                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9270      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19504      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19345      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19296      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19250      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19288      3.13%     31.29% |       19323      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19271      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19264      3.12%     53.18% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19249      3.12%     59.42% |       19217      3.12%     62.54% |       19239      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19285      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19227      3.12%     87.51% |       19249      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19244      3.12%     96.87% |       19285      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616736                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29890      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27136      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27057      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27023      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27078      3.12%     31.49% |       27117      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27046      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27064      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27041      3.11%     59.53% |       26997      3.11%     62.64% |       27017      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27071      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27000      3.11%     87.55% |       27030      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27009      3.11%     96.88% |       27049      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28866      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26054      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26040      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         239      9.09%      9.09% |          78      2.97%     12.05% |          84      3.19%     15.25% |          84      3.19%     18.44% |          95      3.61%     22.05% |          92      3.50%     25.55% |          72      2.74%     28.29% |          76      2.89%     31.18% |          80      3.04%     34.22% |          74      2.81%     37.03% |          78      2.97%     40.00% |          73      2.78%     42.78% |          78      2.97%     45.74% |          70      2.66%     48.40% |          72      2.74%     51.14% |          70      2.66%     53.80% |          71      2.70%     56.50% |          75      2.85%     59.35% |          77      2.93%     62.28% |          74      2.81%     65.10% |          71      2.70%     67.79% |          77      2.93%     70.72% |          74      2.81%     73.54% |          73      2.78%     76.31% |          74      2.81%     79.13% |          78      2.97%     82.09% |          78      2.97%     85.06% |          79      3.00%     88.06% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         587     96.23%     96.23% |           4      0.66%     96.89% |           3      0.49%     97.38% |           3      0.49%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      0.16%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           1      0.16%     98.20% |           4      0.66%     98.85% |           4      0.66%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         501     17.88%     17.88% |          94      3.35%     21.23% |          90      3.21%     24.45% |          90      3.21%     27.66% |          69      2.46%     30.12% |          69      2.46%     32.58% |          69      2.46%     35.05% |          69      2.46%     37.51% |          69      2.46%     39.97% |          69      2.46%     42.43% |          69      2.46%     44.90% |          69      2.46%     47.36% |          72      2.57%     49.93% |          69      2.46%     52.39% |          70      2.50%     54.89% |          69      2.46%     57.35% |          69      2.46%     59.81% |          97      3.46%     63.28% |          98      3.50%     66.77% |          98      3.50%     70.27% |          69      2.46%     72.73% |          69      2.46%     75.20% |          71      2.53%     77.73% |          69      2.46%     80.19% |          69      2.46%     82.66% |          70      2.50%     85.15% |          69      2.46%     87.62% |          69      2.46%     90.08% |          71      2.53%     92.61% |          69      2.46%     95.07% |          69      2.46%     97.54% |          69      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2802                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1059      5.84%      5.84% |         529      2.92%      8.75% |         545      3.00%     11.76% |         528      2.91%     14.67% |         542      2.99%     17.66% |         534      2.94%     20.60% |         523      2.88%     23.48% |         540      2.98%     26.46% |         550      3.03%     29.49% |         540      2.98%     32.47% |         581      3.20%     35.67% |         560      3.09%     38.76% |         586      3.23%     41.99% |         580      3.20%     45.18% |         562      3.10%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         573      3.16%     54.54% |         583      3.21%     57.75% |         546      3.01%     60.76% |         526      2.90%     63.66% |         535      2.95%     66.61% |         544      3.00%     69.61% |         531      2.93%     72.54% |         537      2.96%     75.50% |         565      3.11%     78.61% |         564      3.11%     81.72% |         557      3.07%     84.79% |         543      2.99%     87.78% |         537      2.96%     90.74% |         555      3.06%     93.80% |         543      2.99%     96.80% |         581      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         764     26.00%     26.00% |          75      2.55%     28.55% |          72      2.45%     31.00% |          72      2.45%     33.45% |          69      2.35%     35.79% |          69      2.35%     38.14% |          69      2.35%     40.49% |          69      2.35%     42.84% |          69      2.35%     45.19% |          69      2.35%     47.53% |          69      2.35%     49.88% |          69      2.35%     52.23% |          73      2.48%     54.71% |          69      2.35%     57.06% |          70      2.38%     59.44% |          69      2.35%     61.79% |          70      2.38%     64.17% |          73      2.48%     66.66% |          74      2.52%     69.17% |          73      2.48%     71.66% |          69      2.35%     74.00% |          69      2.35%     76.35% |          71      2.42%     78.77% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.46% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.19% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.42%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77873      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33108      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33953      3.10%     31.00% |       32357      2.95%     33.96% |       34304      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     46.00% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34274      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32544      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33650      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33171      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35574      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.11% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         421      3.11%     15.19% |         397      2.93%     18.13% |         400      2.96%     21.08% |         418      3.09%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         431      3.19%     33.43% |         428      3.16%     36.59% |         459      3.39%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.30% |         430      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         449      3.32%     56.32% |         421      3.11%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         403      2.98%     65.35% |         425      3.14%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         440      3.25%     77.79% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         422      3.12%     87.47% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23447      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.01% |       20683      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20720      3.12%     31.57% |       20757      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1207     44.18%     44.18% |         199      7.28%     51.46% |         176      6.44%     57.91% |         182      6.66%     64.57% |          14      0.51%     65.08% |         248      9.08%     74.16% |          14      0.51%     74.67% |           5      0.18%     74.85% |           3      0.11%     74.96% |           1      0.04%     75.00% |          16      0.59%     75.59% |           4      0.15%     75.73% |           1      0.04%     75.77% |           1      0.04%     75.81% |          39      1.43%     77.23% |          16      0.59%     77.82% |           9      0.33%     78.15% |         160      5.86%     84.00% |         213      7.80%     91.80% |         164      6.00%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.76% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2732                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          76     71.70%     71.70% |           6      5.66%     77.36% |           2      1.89%     79.25% |           5      4.72%     83.96% |           0      0.00%     83.96% |           1      0.94%     84.91% |           1      0.94%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           1      0.94%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           5      4.72%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           3      2.83%     94.34% |           1      0.94%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           1      0.94%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      0.94%     97.17% |           1      0.94%     98.11% |           2      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         134     87.58%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           1      0.65%     88.24% |           1      0.65%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2      1.31%     90.20% |           1      0.65%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           7      4.58%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           1      0.65%     96.73% |           0      0.00%     96.73% |           2      1.31%     98.04% |           1      0.65%     98.69% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         883      6.34%      6.34% |         387      2.78%      9.12% |         411      2.95%     12.08% |         402      2.89%     14.97% |         420      3.02%     17.98% |         399      2.87%     20.85% |         401      2.88%     23.73% |         416      2.99%     26.72% |         403      2.90%     29.62% |         410      2.95%     32.56% |         431      3.10%     35.66% |         429      3.08%     38.74% |         454      3.26%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.21% |         427      3.07%     48.28% |         434      3.12%     51.39% |         442      3.18%     54.57% |         449      3.23%     57.80% |         423      3.04%     60.83% |         399      2.87%     63.70% |         402      2.89%     66.59% |         421      3.02%     69.61% |         401      2.88%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.05%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39578     29.60%     29.60% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.44% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.72% |        3811      2.85%     47.57% |        2877      2.15%     49.72% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.80% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.05% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.89% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3653      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.88% |        5516      4.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8546      8.10%      8.10% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.92% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.70% |        2858      2.71%     22.41% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.04% |        2786      2.64%     33.68% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.42% |        3249      3.08%     42.50% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.86% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.37% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9224      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18485      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.87% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18775      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18782      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         764     26.00%     26.00% |          75      2.55%     28.55% |          72      2.45%     31.00% |          72      2.45%     33.45% |          69      2.35%     35.79% |          69      2.35%     38.14% |          69      2.35%     40.49% |          69      2.35%     42.84% |          69      2.35%     45.19% |          69      2.35%     47.53% |          69      2.35%     49.88% |          69      2.35%     52.23% |          73      2.48%     54.71% |          69      2.35%     57.06% |          70      2.38%     59.44% |          69      2.35%     61.79% |          70      2.38%     64.17% |          73      2.48%     66.66% |          74      2.52%     69.17% |          73      2.48%     71.66% |          69      2.35%     74.00% |          69      2.35%     76.35% |          71      2.42%     78.77% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.46% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.19% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.42%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          83      8.45%      8.45% |          29      2.95%     11.41% |          29      2.95%     14.36% |          29      2.95%     17.31% |          29      2.95%     20.26% |          29      2.95%     23.22% |          29      2.95%     26.17% |          29      2.95%     29.12% |          29      2.95%     32.08% |          29      2.95%     35.03% |          29      2.95%     37.98% |          29      2.95%     40.94% |          29      2.95%     43.89% |          29      2.95%     46.84% |          29      2.95%     49.80% |          29      2.95%     52.75% |          29      2.95%     55.70% |          29      2.95%     58.66% |          29      2.95%     61.61% |          29      2.95%     64.56% |          29      2.95%     67.52% |          29      2.95%     70.47% |          29      2.95%     73.42% |          29      2.95%     76.37% |          29      2.95%     79.33% |          29      2.95%     82.28% |          29      2.95%     85.23% |          29      2.95%     88.19% |          29      2.95%     91.14% |          29      2.95%     94.09% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76731      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33633      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.06% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33357      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35238      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084828                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         136      6.40%      6.40% |          71      3.34%      9.75% |          74      3.48%     13.23% |          67      3.15%     16.38% |          76      3.58%     19.96% |          81      3.81%     23.78% |          51      2.40%     26.18% |          59      2.78%     28.95% |          85      4.00%     32.96% |          64      3.01%     35.97% |          87      4.10%     40.07% |          64      3.01%     43.08% |          61      2.87%     45.95% |          64      3.01%     48.96% |          63      2.97%     51.93% |          54      2.54%     54.47% |          61      2.87%     57.34% |          68      3.20%     60.55% |          57      2.68%     63.23% |          57      2.68%     65.91% |          63      2.97%     68.88% |          57      2.68%     71.56% |          58      2.73%     74.29% |          57      2.68%     76.98% |          58      2.73%     79.71% |          60      2.82%     82.53% |          52      2.45%     84.98% |          59      2.78%     87.76% |          55      2.59%     90.35% |          56      2.64%     92.98% |          59      2.78%     95.76% |          90      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           8     28.57%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |          10     35.71%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           2      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           8     72.73%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28866      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26054      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26040      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     80.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         130      6.78%      6.78% |          66      3.44%     10.22% |          62      3.23%     13.46% |          53      2.76%     16.22% |          51      2.66%     18.88% |          59      3.08%     21.96% |          50      2.61%     24.57% |          52      2.71%     27.28% |          75      3.91%     31.19% |          59      3.08%     34.27% |          79      4.12%     38.39% |          61      3.18%     41.58% |          57      2.97%     44.55% |          63      3.29%     47.84% |          61      3.18%     51.02% |          53      2.76%     53.78% |          59      3.08%     56.86% |          62      3.23%     60.09% |          51      2.66%     62.75% |          53      2.76%     65.52% |          61      3.18%     68.70% |          51      2.66%     71.36% |          56      2.92%     74.28% |          55      2.87%     77.15% |          54      2.82%     79.97% |          53      2.76%     82.73% |          45      2.35%     85.08% |          51      2.66%     87.74% |          49      2.56%     90.30% |          50      2.61%     92.91% |          48      2.50%     95.41% |          88      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1917                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         452     77.93%     77.93% |          23      3.97%     81.90% |          21      3.62%     85.52% |          21      3.62%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |          21      3.62%     92.76% |          21      3.62%     96.38% |          21      3.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         883      6.34%      6.34% |         387      2.78%      9.12% |         411      2.95%     12.08% |         402      2.89%     14.97% |         420      3.02%     17.98% |         399      2.87%     20.85% |         401      2.88%     23.73% |         416      2.99%     26.72% |         403      2.90%     29.62% |         410      2.95%     32.56% |         431      3.10%     35.66% |         429      3.08%     38.74% |         454      3.26%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.21% |         427      3.07%     48.28% |         434      3.12%     51.39% |         442      3.18%     54.57% |         449      3.23%     57.80% |         423      3.04%     60.83% |         399      2.87%     63.70% |         402      2.89%     66.59% |         421      3.02%     69.61% |         401      2.88%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.05%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23447      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.01% |       20683      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20720      3.12%     31.57% |       20757      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         413      3.05%      9.11% |         404      2.99%     12.10% |         421      3.11%     15.21% |         397      2.93%     18.14% |         400      2.96%     21.10% |         418      3.09%     24.19% |         407      3.01%     27.19% |         414      3.06%     30.25% |         431      3.19%     33.44% |         428      3.16%     36.60% |         459      3.39%     39.99% |         449      3.32%     43.31% |         430      3.18%     46.49% |         439      3.24%     49.73% |         444      3.28%     53.02% |         449      3.32%     56.33% |         421      3.11%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.38% |         403      2.98%     65.36% |         425      3.14%     68.50% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         440      3.25%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         421      3.11%     87.47% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13532                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         210     81.08%     81.08% |           6      2.32%     83.40% |           3      1.16%     84.56% |           6      2.32%     86.87% |           0      0.00%     86.87% |           1      0.39%     87.26% |           1      0.39%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           1      0.39%     88.03% |           0      0.00%     88.03% |           0      0.00%     88.03% |           5      1.93%     89.96% |           0      0.00%     89.96% |           2      0.77%     90.73% |           1      0.39%     91.12% |           0      0.00%     91.12% |           0      0.00%     91.12% |          10      3.86%     94.98% |           2      0.77%     95.75% |           0      0.00%     95.75% |           0      0.00%     95.75% |           0      0.00%     95.75% |           0      0.00%     95.75% |           1      0.39%     96.14% |           0      0.00%     96.14% |           2      0.77%     96.91% |           1      0.39%     97.30% |           4      1.54%     98.84% |           1      0.39%     99.23% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77663      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33108      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.08% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33953      3.10%     30.99% |       32356      2.95%     33.94% |       34304      3.13%     37.08% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.09% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34274      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32542      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33167      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34282      3.13%     96.75% |       35573      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           4     28.57%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           2     14.29%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         176      7.61%      7.61% |          69      2.98%     10.59% |          67      2.90%     13.49% |          66      2.85%     16.34% |          69      2.98%     19.33% |          69      2.98%     22.31% |          69      2.98%     25.29% |          69      2.98%     28.27% |          69      2.98%     31.26% |          69      2.98%     34.24% |          68      2.94%     37.18% |          66      2.85%     40.03% |          73      3.16%     43.19% |          69      2.98%     46.17% |          69      2.98%     49.16% |          69      2.98%     52.14% |          69      2.98%     55.12% |          69      2.98%     58.11% |          70      3.03%     61.13% |          69      2.98%     64.12% |          69      2.98%     67.10% |          69      2.98%     70.08% |          71      3.07%     73.15% |          69      2.98%     76.13% |          69      2.98%     79.12% |          69      2.98%     82.10% |          69      2.98%     85.08% |          69      2.98%     88.07% |          69      2.98%     91.05% |          69      2.98%     94.03% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2313                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         586     96.38%     96.38% |           4      0.66%     97.04% |           3      0.49%     97.53% |           3      0.49%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           0      0.00%     98.03% |           1      0.16%     98.19% |           0      0.00%     98.19% |           1      0.16%     98.36% |           4      0.66%     99.01% |           4      0.66%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           2     11.11%     22.22% |           2     11.11%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           3     16.67%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           2     12.50%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           3     18.75%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           3     18.75%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         762     26.09%     26.09% |          73      2.50%     28.59% |          70      2.40%     30.98% |          69      2.36%     33.34% |          69      2.36%     35.71% |          69      2.36%     38.07% |          69      2.36%     40.43% |          69      2.36%     42.79% |          69      2.36%     45.16% |          69      2.36%     47.52% |          68      2.33%     49.85% |          66      2.26%     52.11% |          73      2.50%     54.60% |          69      2.36%     56.97% |          70      2.40%     59.36% |          69      2.36%     61.73% |          70      2.40%     64.12% |          73      2.50%     66.62% |          74      2.53%     69.15% |          71      2.43%     71.59% |          69      2.36%     73.95% |          69      2.36%     76.31% |          71      2.43%     78.74% |          69      2.36%     81.10% |          69      2.36%     83.46% |          69      2.36%     85.83% |          69      2.36%     88.19% |          69      2.36%     90.55% |          69      2.36%     92.91% |          69      2.36%     95.28% |          69      2.36%     97.64% |          69      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2921                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76185      4.28%      4.28% |      890847     50.00%     54.28% |      107733      6.05%     60.32% |      103652      5.82%     66.14% |      101120      5.68%     71.82% |      102690      5.76%     77.58% |      101369      5.69%     83.27% |      103171      5.79%     89.06% |       97248      5.46%     94.52% |       97679      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1781694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76185      4.28%      4.28% |      890847     50.00%     54.28% |      107733      6.05%     60.32% |      103652      5.82%     66.14% |      101120      5.68%     71.82% |      102690      5.76%     77.58% |      101369      5.69%     83.27% |      103171      5.79%     89.06% |       97248      5.46%     94.52% |       97679      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1781694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76185      4.28%      4.28% |      890847     50.00%     54.28% |      107733      6.05%     60.32% |      103652      5.82%     66.14% |      101120      5.68%     71.82% |      102690      5.76%     77.58% |      101369      5.69%     83.27% |      103171      5.79%     89.06% |       97248      5.46%     94.52% |       97679      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1781694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76185      4.28%      4.28% |      890847     50.00%     54.28% |      107733      6.05%     60.32% |      103652      5.82%     66.14% |      101120      5.68%     71.82% |      102690      5.76%     77.58% |      101369      5.69%     83.27% |      103171      5.79%     89.06% |       97248      5.46%     94.52% |       97679      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1781694                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
