
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93241447000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269409525500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24523                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    43268                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53819903                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5940704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1732.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42484908                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      74960711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21126272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21126272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    226575978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            226575978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127760523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127760523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    354336500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           354336500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21123840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21126272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2973                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1902                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93240884000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 158097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  40604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  30776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  3531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       155270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.765892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.439077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.358837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49527     31.90%     31.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45870     29.54%     61.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43039     27.72%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6754      4.35%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3879      2.50%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2061      1.33%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1389      0.89%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          930      0.60%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1821      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       155270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.806751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.728241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33649     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.530425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.606450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31406     93.31%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1597      4.75%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          331      0.98%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          322      0.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12640622147                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18829247147                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    38297.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               57047.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   226.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 112143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180618.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15199652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3113500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74927671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              591842160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              581999040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              322929750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              317559000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292288400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282164000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604324800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601810560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38823486030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38107262790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21888672750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22516938750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69613549890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69497740140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.601235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.359182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20693440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20693440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11493056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11493056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221933922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221933922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123261236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123261236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    345195158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           345195158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323335                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179579                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20691584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20693440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11493056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2096                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1677                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93240613000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323335                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179579                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 154936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  38017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  29336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       147075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.826694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.715368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.395765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45620     31.02%     31.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41536     28.24%     59.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42890     29.16%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6755      4.59%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4012      2.73%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2143      1.46%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1464      1.00%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          874      0.59%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1781      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       147075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.964062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.843828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32439     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.534751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.612295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30171     92.99%     92.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1625      5.01%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          364      1.12%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          285      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12289718125                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18351705625                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    38012.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               56762.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  245236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 110566                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185400.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15386622250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3113500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74740495250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              560876400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              551010600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              306033750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              300650625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266618600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255113600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583362000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580284000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38327790375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37369860345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22323493500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23163783000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69458180625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69310708170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.934909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.353275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20697536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20697536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221977851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221977851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123277023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123277023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    345254874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           345254874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323399                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179602                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323399                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179602                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20696576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20697536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2196                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1753                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93241305500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323399                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179602                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 155309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  37715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  29254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.716120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.020891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.321737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44769     30.70%     30.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40960     28.08%     58.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43108     29.56%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6558      4.50%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4037      2.77%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2158      1.48%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1424      0.98%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          935      0.64%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1898      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.967389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.911056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32436     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.535863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.395929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.606187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30114     92.82%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1709      5.27%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          337      1.04%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          283      0.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12210556367                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            18274006367                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    37758.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               56508.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  245625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 111510                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185370.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15443221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3113500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74683895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              557330760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              545272560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              304099125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              297519750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1266883800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255488000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583420320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580387680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38208546945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37294516890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22428093000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23229873750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69438379950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69293064630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.722547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.164049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20676992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20676992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11492032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11492032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221757519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221757519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123250254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123250254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    345007773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           345007773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179563                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179563                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20676352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20677056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11492032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2186                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1702                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93240705500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179563                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 155123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  38230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  29757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       145783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.655412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.976578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.440763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44652     30.63%     30.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41209     28.27%     58.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42867     29.40%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6693      4.59%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3905      2.68%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2177      1.49%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1450      0.99%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          929      0.64%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1901      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       145783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.948479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.369559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32462     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.529656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.590344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30175     92.93%     92.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1693      5.21%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          313      0.96%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          291      0.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12087310345                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            18144835345                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1615340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    37414.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               56164.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  245274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 111568                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185501.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15166261500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3113500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74960959500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              555894360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              546225120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              303315375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              298039500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264965000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254926400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583141680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580400640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6090006000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38061262080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37275908670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22557290250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23246196750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69415874745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69291703080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.481180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.149447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16971589                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 32.054297                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.919204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                25.184259                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16725726     98.55%     98.55% |      228828      1.35%     99.90% |       13493      0.08%     99.98% |        2658      0.02%     99.99% |         766      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16971589                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33017608                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.100173                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.750452                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.715486                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29778933     90.19%     90.19% |     2619012      7.93%     98.12% |      514308      1.56%     99.68% |       50455      0.15%     99.83% |       22932      0.07%     99.90% |       12806      0.04%     99.94% |        7626      0.02%     99.97% |        7996      0.02%     99.99% |        3540      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33017608                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33017607                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              19.261536                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.261887                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             71.609263                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33000440     99.95%     99.95% |       15312      0.05%     99.99% |        1659      0.01%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33017607                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30006723                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.005179                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.004193                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.090405                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29891475     99.62%     99.62% |       79911      0.27%     99.88% |       30843      0.10%     99.99% |        4162      0.01%    100.00% |         332      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30006723                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3010884                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        181.273754                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       139.056532                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       165.381601                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2993717     99.43%     99.43% |       15312      0.51%     99.94% |        1659      0.06%     99.99% |         179      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3010884                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         785777                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       785777                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           34                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20212667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       690017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20902684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9321039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123479                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9444518                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       863309                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30859                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       289724                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718223                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54380                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        55242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       268124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       323366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        86174                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       281946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        90401                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       261032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       312934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        82404                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        61765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       346838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        92559                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        67284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       357271                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        98937                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       244937                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       292069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        71320                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        66021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       286036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       352057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       105552                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        61387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       280236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       341623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        97879                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       162945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        90685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        91650                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        48264                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47863                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        90943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        93957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91573                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        90705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47554                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        48615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        91713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        94801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52660                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        95722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          323                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18107472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18107472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18633289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18107472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8901090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8855988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18107472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12107374                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12107374                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12781693                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12107374                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7113234                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7044190                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12107374                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9512803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9512803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10008859                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9512803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4434477                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4391139                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9512803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.051012                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8865933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8865933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9350192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8865933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4246662                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4222377                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8865933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9637024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9637024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10154315                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9637024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5064002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4998428                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9637024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.051678                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9206809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9206809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9733435                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9206809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4653852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4624261                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9206809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049371                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10593714                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10593714                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11239837                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10593714                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4540311                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4512846                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10593714                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8687681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8687681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9250990                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8687681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3956128                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3938777                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8687681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046587                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6498893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6498893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6811528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6498893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3116570                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3091853                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6498893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7835120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7835120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8277266                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7835120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3841901                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3813648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7835120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.042015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5047883                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5047883                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5304749                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5047883                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2162711                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2146063                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5047883                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.027069                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3720426                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3720426                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3760237                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720426                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1699454                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1698474                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3720426                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019950                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4382392                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4382392                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4438419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4382392                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2165677                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2164068                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4382392                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023500                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3783532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3783532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3827934                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3783532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1717779                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1716612                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3783532                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020289                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2627639                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2627639                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2678406                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2627639                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1048083                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1046779                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2627639                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014091                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3582562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3582562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3651419                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3582562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1438400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1436746                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3582562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019211                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4491052                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4491052                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4553819                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4491052                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1706373                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1705076                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4491052                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024083                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3856558                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3856558                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3915292                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3856558                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1503089                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1501822                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3856558                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020680                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3487981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3487981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3564237                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3487981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1431503                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1429753                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3487981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018704                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2032544                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2032544                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2091521                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2032544                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       850767                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       849296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2032544                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010899                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1929890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1929890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1936571                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1929890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       947736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       947510                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1929890                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010349                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2328969                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2328969                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2341965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2328969                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1228124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1227005                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2328969                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012489                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2122061                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2122061                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2133618                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2122061                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1047323                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1046977                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2122061                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011379                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591976                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       591928                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007123                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1878818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1878818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1885391                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1878818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       897737                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       897486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1878818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010075                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2285183                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2285183                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2297533                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2285183                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1200241                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1199147                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2285183                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012254                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2094208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2094208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2105449                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2094208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025679                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1025320                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2094208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011230                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1333337                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1333337                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1333337                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1333337                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592799                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592737                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1333337                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007150                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8294139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8294139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8760987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8294139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3804084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3793875                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8294139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044477                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7664716                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7664716                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7960373                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7664716                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3404471                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3397528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7664716                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041101                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7995117                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7995117                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8438845                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7995117                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3412360                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3399149                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7995117                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.042873                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8033687                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8033687                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8404248                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8033687                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3477017                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3466859                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8033687                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043080                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13729531     29.40%     29.40% |    29973802     64.19%     93.60% |     2988878      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46692211                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13729531     29.40%     29.40% |    29973803     64.19%     93.60% |     2988878      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46692212                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   431557124                       |   755285240                       |    71384874                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   126196172                       |   139903744                       |     3015699                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.432765                       |   25.198179                       |   23.883502                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    9.191587                       |    4.667534                       |    1.008974                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.947262                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.763608                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.710870                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004040                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.090107      7.24%      7.24% |    0.089299      7.18%     14.42% |    0.089013      7.15%     21.57% |    0.088464      7.11%     28.68% |    0.200823     16.14%     44.82% |    0.200732     16.13%     60.95% |    0.200742     16.13%     77.08% |    0.200708     16.13%     93.21% |    0.021111      1.70%     94.91% |    0.021113      1.70%     96.61% |    0.021109      1.70%     98.30% |    0.021108      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.244329                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031061                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023301                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005961                       |    0.006239                       |    0.005832                       |    0.006328                       |    0.006424                       |    0.005480                       |    0.006316                       |    0.006270                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006247                       |    0.003776                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003757                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003729                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003704                       |    0.003717                       |    0.003791                       |    0.003799                       |    0.003769                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003695                       |    0.003709                       |    0.003751                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003720                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003714                       |    0.003726                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003715                       |    0.003738                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003835                       |    0.003869                       |    0.010612                       |    0.010392                       |    0.010394                       |    0.010384                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002744                       |    0.006963                       |    0.000519                       |    0.000568                       |    0.000508                       |    0.000571                       |    0.000538                       |    0.000538                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000496                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003849                       |    0.002950                       |    0.009155                       |    0.003411                       |    0.000481                       |    0.004857                       |    0.011745                       |    0.005201                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |    0.007396                       |           0                       |    0.011591                       |    0.016056                       |    0.006014                       |    0.008577                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000519                       |    0.013027                       |    0.012881                       |    0.012592                       |    0.009026                       |    0.003437                       |    0.000568                       |    0.014998                       |    0.011648                       |    0.007866                       |           0                       |    0.003411                       |    0.007183                       |           0                       |    0.013843                       |    0.009565                       |    0.007099                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.007495                       |    0.004777                       |    0.004240                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003726                       |    0.002931                       |           0                       |    0.003488                       |           0                       |    0.001643                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003542                       |    0.008972                       |    0.003449                       |    0.000496                       |    0.008896                       |    0.004916                       |    0.011735                       |    0.003552                       |    0.008359                       |    0.003410                       |    0.000508                       |    0.005363                       |    0.012763                       |    0.016729                       |    0.004545                       |    0.025586                       |    0.005218                       |    0.002744                       |    0.009753                       |    0.018117                       |    0.025518                       |    0.010164                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003444                       |    0.006963                       |    0.010253                       |    0.017699                       |    0.017134                       |    0.009431                       |    0.009123                       |    0.003404                       |    0.000571                       |    0.007816                       |    0.013235                       |    0.009753                       |    0.005469                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |           0                       |    0.002890                       |    0.007483                       |    0.004892                       |    0.004807                       |           0                       |    0.003421                       |           0                       |    0.001572                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003520                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.000807                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.003458                       |           0                       |    0.009679                       |    0.004098                       |    0.006447                       |    0.003388                       |           0                       |    0.003505                       |    0.007184                       |           0                       |    0.005749                       |    0.011564                       |    0.011476                       |    0.003396                       |    0.009286                       |    0.003414                       |    0.000538                       |    0.017789                       |    0.012923                       |    0.009425                       |    0.003434                       |    0.007842                       |    0.003401                       |    0.000538                       |    0.007567                       |    0.014577                       |    0.009250                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.003499                       |    0.007180                       |           0                       |    0.007027                       |    0.013900                       |    0.008041                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.003401                       |           0                       |    0.002025                       |    0.007441                       |    0.003995                       |    0.003427                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.000690                       |    0.003715                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003714                       |           0                       |    0.003388                       |           0                       |    0.004415                       |           0                       |    0.006288                       |           0                       |    0.003396                       |           0                       |    0.004729                       |    0.003293                       |    0.007793                       |           0                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.009904                       |    0.005819                       |    0.004926                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.004109                       |    0.009104                       |    0.004055                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.006666                       |    0.008606                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003427                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007472                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003738                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.244329                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8038493                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8038493                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5808221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5280133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.907922                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          585783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13041776                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73182                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14626566                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138488                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13114958                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14765054                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27668342                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211670                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27880012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9451445                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9554                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9460999                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9451445                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9554                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9460999                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182733194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31379928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49272560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8038493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5865916                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146210582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          784986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       277482                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330698                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9450840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    178913239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.501413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        160998029     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1812263      1.01%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2560948      1.43%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           709374      0.40%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3918755      2.19%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1018868      0.57%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1437096      0.80%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           408015      0.23%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6049891      3.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    178913239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043990                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.269642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11481689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154919650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6109588                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6009812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86121764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13953254                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94607014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10675234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9419908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49865329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84553874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4872062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90147983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     200095966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    126700255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78981093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39647993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6892644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14942228                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1513613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1350875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83034154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       541796                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          86888638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    178913239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144045648     80.51%     80.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14177876      7.92%     88.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7195645      4.02%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4525926      2.53%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3710142      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2567155      1.43%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023754      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413917      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253176      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    178913239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104540     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784805     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118356     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338335      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58812682     67.69%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12837135     14.77%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14804777     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       86888638                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.475495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007701                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    353968744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     91930077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79599080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87557863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1677352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209402                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7462335                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5309325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84140001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83575950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6892644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14942228                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       532941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         102244                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8184                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123958                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86277447                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12646618                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27290121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6714942                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14643503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.472150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79699578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79599185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41418636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          65493981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.632404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       445400                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356325                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    177500628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149711400     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11953670      6.73%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6709615      3.78%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2488206      1.40%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1492327      0.84%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1029236      0.58%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508684      0.29%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904322      0.51%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2703168      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    177500628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42484907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       74960708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20068268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5683237                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6270614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74559621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       507658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54651700     72.91%     73.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5683237      7.58%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14385031     19.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     74960708                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2703168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            258157519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168408407                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3819955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42484907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              74960708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.301132                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.301132                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        131350762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57851563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32072309                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25918118                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41053583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5429043500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5429043499.999993                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8335738                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        37.581714                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.632769                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       33.486373                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8089895     97.05%     97.05% |      228808      2.74%     99.80% |       13493      0.16%     99.96% |        2658      0.03%     99.99% |         766      0.01%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8335738                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8386618                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.752937                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.561307                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.322021                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5566575     66.37%     66.37% |     2810609     33.51%     99.89% |        9120      0.11%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8386618                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        249233                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.575923                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.695572                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.527352                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4466      1.79%      1.79% |       28914     11.60%     13.39% |       85080     34.14%     47.53% |       59103     23.71%     71.24% |       51653     20.72%     91.97% |       15691      6.30%     98.26% |        3807      1.53%     99.79% |         480      0.19%     99.98% |          38      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          249233                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8240677                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           41.163602                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.974979                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         108.727963                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8228768     99.86%     99.86% |       10650      0.13%     99.98% |        1109      0.01%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8240677                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6399594                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.015591                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.012546                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.159939                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6327836     98.88%     98.88% |       48132      0.75%     99.63% |       19559      0.31%     99.94% |        3740      0.06%     99.99% |         327      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6399594                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1841083                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     173.765868                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    129.098872                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    173.989146                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1829174     99.35%     99.35% |       10650      0.58%     99.93% |        1109      0.06%     99.99% |         137      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1841083                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15104064                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.937322                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.959193                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          65.149603                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15070836     99.78%     99.78% |       27976      0.19%     99.97% |        3667      0.02%     99.99% |         989      0.01%    100.00% |         425      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15104064                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14072618                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003946                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003237                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.075621                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14029227     99.69%     99.69% |       31680      0.23%     99.92% |       11284      0.08%    100.00% |         422      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14072618                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1031446                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     207.038473                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    171.818282                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    152.862673                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      998218     96.78%     96.78% |       27976      2.71%     99.49% |        3667      0.36%     99.85% |         989      0.10%     99.94% |         425      0.04%     99.98% |         125      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1031446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9444517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.093443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.129506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.673695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9441727     99.97%     99.97% |        2543      0.03%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9444517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9321039                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9321039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9321039                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123478                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.634696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.034994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.330045                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120688     97.74%     97.74% |        2543      2.06%     99.80% |         222      0.18%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123478                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.975375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.336384                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223078     98.25%     98.25% |        3055      1.35%     99.60% |         775      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          31      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212097     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.648596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.669796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    86.008520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3055     20.57%     93.86% |         775      5.22%     99.08% |          70      0.47%     99.55% |          29      0.20%     99.74% |          31      0.21%     99.95% |           6      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       397131                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7700668                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       114491                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   135348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   145314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   135221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   145476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   136812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   138335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   115017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   125127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 188076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 198974                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 177771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 201420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 220516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 153793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 237095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 216553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   165201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   174445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   156531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   176193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   193590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   132888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   208094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   190176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               323424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               312992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               346896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               357328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               292128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               352112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               341680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6676617                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6536009                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6569182                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6528180                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6967521                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6040250                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7476220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7109972                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  236128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  228512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  253264                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  260880                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  213280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  257072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  249456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  87296                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  84480                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  93632                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  96448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  78848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  95040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  92224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                95760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               103109                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                95575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               103347                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                96763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                99204                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                80231                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                88119                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             140368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             148251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             132937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             149917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             164117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             114076                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             176841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             161337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               39588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               42205                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               39646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               42129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               40049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               39131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               34786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               37008                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             47708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             50723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             44834                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             51503                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             56399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             39717                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             60254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             55216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      120                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      137                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      112                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10721404                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10677785                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10716139                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10707727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10679620                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10684515                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10627209                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10652769                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1984                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1920                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9776445                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9645146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               9770220                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9673325                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9519382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9773744                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9550489                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9604295                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5110047                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5467480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4945298                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5591782                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5679491                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            4639893                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5574254                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5409330                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3626526                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3772598                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3609877                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3675199                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3940959                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3612329                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3868296                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3732245                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9776445                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9645146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          9770220                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9673325                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9519382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9773744                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9550489                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9604295                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5081815                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5409498                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4917918                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5450291                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5614384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       4589974                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5532498                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5368583                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3510161                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3581579                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3482712                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3560628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3669615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3510824                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3622829                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3560936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10231749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10205941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10192381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10187708                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10162864                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10143742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10142660                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10175557                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10608460                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10568604                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10648380                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10569464                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10538249                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10577933                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10476786                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10535831                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             48213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             51014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             46452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             51532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             52951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             43963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             52405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             50601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             14250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             15720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             14434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             15824                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             14024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             16073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             12784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             34182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             33729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             38960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             33225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             40142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             25779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             28993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          258820                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          271614                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          222458                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          551909                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          402391                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          278317                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          591774                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          424238                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330073     25.39%     25.39% |      323335     24.87%     50.27% |      323399     24.88%     75.15% |      323079     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180317     25.70%     25.70% |      173758     24.77%     50.47% |      173776     24.77%     75.24% |      173736     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701587                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330098     25.39%     25.39% |      323335     24.87%     50.27% |      323399     24.88%     75.15% |      323078     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186134     25.68%     25.68% |      179579     24.77%     50.45% |      179602     24.78%     75.23% |      179563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724878                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141564     25.03%     25.03% |      141385     25.00%     50.03% |      141431     25.01%     75.04% |      141151     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330073     25.39%     25.39% |      323335     24.87%     50.27% |      323399     24.88%     75.15% |      323079     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180081     25.70%     25.70% |      173579     24.77%     50.46% |      173602     24.77%     75.23% |      173563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141564     25.03%     25.03% |      141385     25.00%     50.03% |      141431     25.01%     75.04% |      141151     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330073     25.39%     25.39% |      323335     24.87%     50.27% |      323399     24.88%     75.15% |      323078     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180081     25.70%     25.70% |      173579     24.77%     50.46% |      173602     24.77%     75.23% |      173563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6291951     76.33%     76.33% |          18      0.00%     76.33% |      236199      2.87%     79.19% |      251486      3.05%     82.24% |      228572      2.77%     85.02% |      253724      3.08%     88.09% |      261045      3.17%     91.26% |      213414      2.59%     93.85% |      257289      3.12%     96.97% |      249673      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8243371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9444574    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9444574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14611840     95.29%     95.29% |           0      0.00%     95.29% |       87478      0.57%     95.86% |       93184      0.61%     96.46% |       84683      0.55%     97.02% |       93933      0.61%     97.63% |       96674      0.63%     98.26% |       79005      0.52%     98.77% |       95405      0.62%     99.40% |       92511      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15334713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17027     10.53%     10.53% |          18      0.01%     10.54% |       17914     11.07%     21.61% |       18161     11.23%     32.84% |       16552     10.23%     43.07% |       18677     11.55%     54.62% |       18969     11.73%     66.34% |       16034      9.91%     76.26% |       19027     11.76%     88.02% |       19381     11.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       161760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      809099     26.87%     26.87% |           0      0.00%     26.87% |      268217      8.91%     35.78% |      282250      9.37%     45.15% |      261298      8.68%     53.83% |      287012      9.53%     63.36% |      290601      9.65%     73.01% |      245510      8.15%     81.17% |      286312      9.51%     90.68% |      280716      9.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3011015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3293     12.44%     12.44% |        3278     12.38%     24.82% |        3225     12.18%     37.01% |        3313     12.52%     49.52% |        3444     13.01%     62.53% |        3144     11.88%     74.41% |        3189     12.05%     86.46% |        3585     13.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7491     12.28%     12.28% |        7412     12.15%     24.43% |        7277     11.93%     36.36% |        7776     12.75%     49.11% |        7901     12.95%     62.06% |        6807     11.16%     73.22% |        7611     12.48%     85.70% |        8725     14.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        61002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190612     11.68%     11.68% |          16      0.00%     11.68% |      174205     10.67%     22.35% |      185818     11.38%     33.73% |      171624     10.51%     44.25% |      186558     11.43%     55.68% |      191985     11.76%     67.44% |      159635      9.78%     77.22% |      188321     11.54%     88.76% |      183546     11.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1632320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7663     12.56%     12.57% |        7825     12.83%     25.39% |        6632     10.87%     36.26% |        7967     13.06%     49.32% |        8185     13.42%     62.74% |        6721     11.02%     73.76% |        7989     13.10%     86.86% |        8018     13.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        61002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622862     47.27%     47.27% |           0      0.00%     47.27% |       86256      6.55%     53.82% |       88303      6.70%     60.52% |       82776      6.28%     66.81% |       90548      6.87%     73.68% |       89817      6.82%     80.50% |       78581      5.96%     86.46% |       89726      6.81%     93.27% |       88672      6.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1317541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686993     26.57%     26.57% |           0      0.00%     26.57% |      230196      8.90%     35.48% |      244537      9.46%     44.94% |      226681      8.77%     53.71% |      246162      9.52%     63.23% |      251368      9.72%     72.95% |      211646      8.19%     81.14% |      247283      9.57%     90.70% |      240342      9.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2585208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      190089     10.33%     10.33% |           9      0.00%     10.33% |      200879     10.92%     21.25% |      212218     11.53%     32.78% |      195060     10.60%     43.38% |      213989     11.63%     55.01% |      218839     11.89%     66.90% |      182458      9.92%     76.82% |      215894     11.73%     88.55% |      210699     11.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1840134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120990    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498913     47.69%     47.69% |           0      0.00%     47.69% |       67245      6.43%     54.12% |       69727      6.66%     60.78% |       65972      6.31%     67.09% |       71084      6.79%     73.88% |       71120      6.80%     80.68% |       62479      5.97%     86.65% |       70142      6.70%     93.35% |       69525      6.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1046207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.13%      7.13% |           0      0.00%      7.13% |       17813     11.49%     18.61% |       18142     11.70%     30.31% |       16497     10.64%     40.95% |       18609     12.00%     52.95% |       18894     12.18%     65.13% |       15809     10.19%     75.33% |       18968     12.23%     87.56% |       19290     12.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       155073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         940     99.05%     99.05% |           9      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          54     56.84%     56.84% |           0      0.00%     56.84% |           0      0.00%     56.84% |           1      1.05%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |          28     29.47%     87.37% |           0      0.00%     87.37% |           0      0.00%     87.37% |          12     12.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1602      5.64%      5.64% |           0      0.00%      5.64% |        3367     11.84%     17.48% |        3245     11.42%     28.90% |        3247     11.42%     40.32% |        3348     11.78%     52.10% |        3452     12.14%     64.24% |        3325     11.70%     75.94% |        3217     11.32%     87.25% |        3623     12.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     19.82%     19.82% |           0      0.00%     19.82% |        4012      9.69%     29.51% |        4008      9.68%     39.19% |        4063      9.81%     49.01% |        4097      9.90%     58.90% |        4438     10.72%     69.62% |        4159     10.05%     79.67% |        4046      9.77%     89.44% |        4371     10.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        41401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9321039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9321039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3463     97.06%     97.06% |           2      0.06%     97.11% |           7      0.20%     97.31% |           5      0.14%     97.45% |           8      0.22%     97.67% |          20      0.56%     98.23% |          10      0.28%     98.51% |          34      0.95%     99.47% |          12      0.34%     99.80% |           7      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     30.98%     30.98% |           0      0.00%     30.98% |       34049      8.76%     39.74% |       33651      8.66%     48.40% |       30592      7.87%     56.27% |       35051      9.02%     65.30% |       34627      8.91%     74.21% |       29454      7.58%     81.79% |       35024      9.01%     90.80% |       35747      9.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       388569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3343807     92.62%     92.62% |           0      0.00%     92.62% |       31205      0.86%     93.48% |       35102      0.97%     94.46% |       29357      0.81%     95.27% |       35146      0.97%     96.24% |       37571      1.04%     97.28% |       26631      0.74%     98.02% |       37100      1.03%     99.05% |       34354      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3610273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35527    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2279     89.87%     89.87% |          16      0.63%     90.50% |          40      1.58%     92.07% |           8      0.32%     92.39% |           7      0.28%     92.67% |          14      0.55%     93.22% |          28      1.10%     94.32% |          83      3.27%     97.59% |          15      0.59%     98.19% |          46      1.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152720      9.97%      9.97% |           0      0.00%      9.97% |      166515     10.87%     20.84% |      178294     11.64%     32.47% |      164185     10.72%     43.19% |      178636     11.66%     54.85% |      183894     12.00%     66.85% |      152596      9.96%     76.81% |      180581     11.79%     88.60% |      174631     11.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1532052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7456     12.30%     12.30% |        7363     12.14%     24.44% |        7242     11.94%     36.39% |        7723     12.74%     49.12% |        7869     12.98%     62.10% |        6776     11.18%     73.28% |        7526     12.41%     85.69% |        8675     14.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        60630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2747920    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2747920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14077206     98.78%     98.78% |           0      0.00%     98.78% |       20025      0.14%     98.92% |       23174      0.16%     99.09% |       18482      0.13%     99.22% |       22522      0.16%     99.37% |       25275      0.18%     99.55% |       16342      0.11%     99.67% |       24875      0.17%     99.84% |       22662      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14250563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         233     41.02%     41.02% |           0      0.00%     41.02% |          52      9.15%     50.18% |           5      0.88%     51.06% |          38      6.69%     57.75% |          30      5.28%     63.03% |          35      6.16%     69.19% |         107     18.84%     88.03% |          32      5.63%     93.66% |          36      6.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534273     50.73%     50.73% |           0      0.00%     50.73% |       63681      6.05%     56.78% |       66243      6.29%     63.07% |       62496      5.93%     69.00% |       67526      6.41%     75.41% |       67474      6.41%     81.82% |       59050      5.61%     87.43% |       66702      6.33%     93.76% |       65711      6.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1053156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3292     12.46%     12.46% |        3269     12.37%     24.82% |        3222     12.19%     37.01% |        3308     12.52%     49.53% |        3435     13.00%     62.53% |        3144     11.90%     74.42% |        3186     12.05%     86.47% |        3575     13.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         121      1.77%      1.77% |           0      0.00%      1.77% |         475      6.96%      8.74% |         654      9.59%     18.33% |         608      8.91%     27.24% |        1861     27.28%     54.52% |         897     13.15%     67.67% |         826     12.11%     79.78% |         591      8.66%     88.45% |         788     11.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         6821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190612     11.68%     11.68% |          16      0.00%     11.68% |      174205     10.67%     22.35% |      185818     11.38%     33.73% |      171624     10.51%     44.25% |      186558     11.43%     55.68% |      191984     11.76%     67.44% |      159635      9.78%     77.22% |      188321     11.54%     88.76% |      183546     11.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1632319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7663     12.56%     12.57% |        7825     12.83%     25.39% |        6632     10.87%     36.26% |        7967     13.06%     49.32% |        8185     13.42%     62.74% |        6721     11.02%     73.76% |        7989     13.10%     86.86% |        8018     13.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        61002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123895     45.68%     45.68% |           0      0.00%     45.68% |       19011      7.01%     52.69% |       18575      6.85%     59.53% |       16804      6.20%     65.73% |       19464      7.18%     72.91% |       18669      6.88%     79.79% |       16102      5.94%     85.73% |       19584      7.22%     92.95% |       19135      7.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       271239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9      0.45%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |         130      6.53%      6.98% |         163      8.19%     15.17% |         170      8.54%     23.71% |         590     29.63%     53.34% |         257     12.91%     66.25% |         259     13.01%     79.26% |         197      9.89%     89.15% |         216     10.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         1991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498967     47.69%     47.69% |           0      0.00%     47.69% |       67245      6.43%     54.12% |       69728      6.66%     60.78% |       65972      6.31%     67.09% |       71084      6.79%     73.88% |       71148      6.80%     80.68% |       62479      5.97%     86.65% |       70142      6.70%     93.35% |       69537      6.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1046302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         988     36.67%     36.67% |           0      0.00%     36.67% |         103      3.82%     40.50% |         158      5.86%     46.36% |          92      3.41%     49.78% |         492     18.26%     68.04% |         197      7.31%     75.35% |         166      6.16%     81.51% |         249      9.24%     90.76% |         249      9.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         2694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         119      5.17%      5.17% |           0      0.00%      5.17% |         208      9.04%     14.22% |         282     12.26%     26.48% |         229      9.96%     36.43% |         327     14.22%     50.65% |         251     10.91%     61.57% |         184      8.00%     69.57% |         388     16.87%     86.43% |         312     13.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2     14.29%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           4     28.57%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.50%      2.50% |           9     22.50%     25.00% |           3      7.50%     32.50% |           5     12.50%     45.00% |           9     22.50%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           3      7.50%     75.00% |          10     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          35      9.46%      9.46% |          49     13.24%     22.70% |          35      9.46%     32.16% |          53     14.32%     46.49% |          32      8.65%     55.14% |          31      8.38%     63.51% |          85     22.97%     86.49% |          50     13.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686992     26.58%     26.58% |           0      0.00%     26.58% |      230158      8.90%     35.48% |      244478      9.46%     44.94% |      226641      8.77%     53.71% |      246100      9.52%     63.23% |      251326      9.72%     72.95% |      211614      8.19%     81.14% |      247195      9.56%     90.70% |      240280      9.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2584784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.24%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |          38      8.96%      9.20% |          59     13.92%     23.11% |          40      9.43%     32.55% |          62     14.62%     47.17% |          42      9.91%     57.08% |          32      7.55%     64.62% |          88     20.75%     85.38% |          62     14.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3854      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3315      2.68%     23.41% |        3510      2.84%     26.25% |        5108      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4383      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3333      2.70%     61.45% |        3068      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3513      2.84%     69.80% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.43% |        3721      3.01%     78.44% |        3238      2.62%     81.06% |        4609      3.73%     84.79% |        3993      3.23%     88.02% |        5247      4.25%     92.27% |        5114      4.14%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117553      6.38%      6.38% |       56510      3.07%      9.45% |       55345      3.01%     12.46% |       56173      3.05%     15.51% |       55547      3.02%     18.52% |       55359      3.01%     21.53% |       55075      2.99%     24.52% |       55033      2.99%     27.51% |       55156      2.99%     30.50% |       55552      3.02%     33.52% |       57488      3.12%     36.64% |       56594      3.07%     39.71% |       55885      3.03%     42.75% |       55042      2.99%     45.73% |       54502      2.96%     48.69% |       54787      2.97%     51.67% |       55745      3.03%     54.70% |       55317      3.00%     57.70% |       55611      3.02%     60.72% |       55624      3.02%     63.74% |       55662      3.02%     66.76% |       56896      3.09%     69.85% |       55810      3.03%     72.88% |       54984      2.99%     75.87% |       55139      2.99%     78.86% |       55560      3.02%     81.88% |       55029      2.99%     84.86% |       54727      2.97%     87.84% |       55347      3.01%     90.84% |       54774      2.97%     93.81% |       55422      3.01%     96.82% |       58498      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1841746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41553      3.97%      3.97% |       32515      3.11%      7.08% |       32287      3.09%     10.16% |       32476      3.10%     13.27% |       32149      3.07%     16.34% |       32097      3.07%     19.41% |       32455      3.10%     22.51% |       32136      3.07%     25.58% |       32255      3.08%     28.66% |       32852      3.14%     31.80% |       32191      3.08%     34.88% |       32212      3.08%     37.96% |       32330      3.09%     41.05% |       31950      3.05%     44.10% |       31976      3.06%     47.16% |       32133      3.07%     50.23% |       32236      3.08%     53.31% |       32211      3.08%     56.39% |       32569      3.11%     59.50% |       32497      3.11%     62.61% |       32253      3.08%     65.69% |       33428      3.19%     68.88% |       32276      3.08%     71.97% |       32380      3.09%     75.06% |       32396      3.10%     78.16% |       32319      3.09%     81.25% |       32450      3.10%     84.35% |       32396      3.10%     87.44% |       32099      3.07%     90.51% |       32205      3.08%     93.59% |       34287      3.28%     96.87% |       32793      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1046362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149722      5.79%      5.79% |       79737      3.08%      8.87% |       78348      3.03%     11.90% |       79141      3.06%     14.97% |       78033      3.02%     17.98% |       77794      3.01%     20.99% |       77962      3.02%     24.01% |       77696      3.01%     27.01% |       77933      3.01%     30.03% |       78730      3.05%     33.07% |       80009      3.09%     36.17% |       79238      3.06%     39.23% |       78693      3.04%     42.27% |       77415      2.99%     45.27% |       76989      2.98%     48.25% |       77614      3.00%     51.25% |       78568      3.04%     54.29% |       77830      3.01%     57.30% |       78641      3.04%     60.34% |       78652      3.04%     63.38% |       78431      3.03%     66.41% |       80717      3.12%     69.54% |       78718      3.04%     72.58% |       78339      3.03%     75.61% |       78300      3.03%     78.64% |       78625      3.04%     81.68% |       78289      3.03%     84.71% |       77690      3.00%     87.71% |       77884      3.01%     90.72% |       77488      3.00%     93.72% |       80242      3.10%     96.83% |       82081      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2585549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           3      4.48%      4.48% |           4      5.97%     10.45% |           2      2.99%     13.43% |           5      7.46%     20.90% |           1      1.49%     22.39% |           4      5.97%     28.36% |           0      0.00%     28.36% |           1      1.49%     29.85% |           1      1.49%     31.34% |           1      1.49%     32.84% |           2      2.99%     35.82% |           4      5.97%     41.79% |           0      0.00%     41.79% |           1      1.49%     43.28% |           2      2.99%     46.27% |           1      1.49%     47.76% |           3      4.48%     52.24% |           0      0.00%     52.24% |           1      1.49%     53.73% |           0      0.00%     53.73% |           1      1.49%     55.22% |           3      4.48%     59.70% |           2      2.99%     62.69% |           3      4.48%     67.16% |           4      5.97%     73.13% |           5      7.46%     80.60% |           2      2.99%     83.58% |           3      4.48%     88.06% |           1      1.49%     89.55% |           1      1.49%     91.04% |           2      2.99%     94.03% |           4      5.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28178      4.02%      4.02% |       21672      3.09%      7.12% |       21693      3.10%     10.21% |       21687      3.10%     13.31% |       21668      3.09%     16.40% |       21675      3.09%     19.50% |       21681      3.09%     22.59% |       21685      3.10%     25.69% |       21690      3.10%     28.78% |       21691      3.10%     31.88% |       21711      3.10%     34.98% |       21700      3.10%     38.07% |       21676      3.09%     41.17% |       21678      3.09%     44.26% |       21674      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.45% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21694      3.10%     56.65% |       21693      3.10%     59.74% |       21695      3.10%     62.84% |       21686      3.10%     65.94% |       21697      3.10%     69.03% |       21696      3.10%     72.13% |       21697      3.10%     75.23% |       21720      3.10%     78.33% |       21699      3.10%     81.42% |       21702      3.10%     84.52% |       21690      3.10%     87.62% |       21700      3.10%     90.72% |       21685      3.10%     93.81% |       21679      3.09%     96.91% |       21675      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17824      3.15%      3.15% |       17695      3.13%      6.28% |       17714      3.13%      9.41% |       17682      3.13%     12.53% |       17681      3.12%     15.66% |       17630      3.12%     18.77% |       17646      3.12%     21.89% |       17679      3.12%     25.02% |       17690      3.13%     28.14% |       17695      3.13%     31.27% |       17748      3.14%     34.41% |       17690      3.13%     37.53% |       17731      3.13%     40.67% |       17701      3.13%     43.80% |       17700      3.13%     46.93% |       17620      3.11%     50.04% |       17674      3.12%     53.16% |       17670      3.12%     56.29% |       17682      3.13%     59.41% |       17637      3.12%     62.53% |       17671      3.12%     65.65% |       17733      3.13%     68.79% |       17667      3.12%     71.91% |       17612      3.11%     75.02% |       17683      3.13%     78.15% |       17685      3.13%     81.27% |       17691      3.13%     84.40% |       17620      3.11%     87.51% |       17669      3.12%     90.64% |       17664      3.12%     93.76% |       17656      3.12%     96.88% |       17666      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565806                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47113      3.62%      3.62% |       40415      3.11%      6.73% |       40453      3.11%      9.85% |       40415      3.11%     12.95% |       40393      3.11%     16.06% |       40350      3.10%     19.17% |       40373      3.11%     22.27% |       40410      3.11%     25.38% |       40426      3.11%     28.49% |       40433      3.11%     31.60% |       40504      3.12%     34.72% |       40435      3.11%     37.83% |       40452      3.11%     40.94% |       40424      3.11%     44.05% |       40419      3.11%     47.16% |       40344      3.10%     50.26% |       40423      3.11%     53.37% |       40410      3.11%     56.48% |       40421      3.11%     59.59% |       40378      3.11%     62.70% |       40403      3.11%     65.81% |       40477      3.11%     68.92% |       40409      3.11%     72.03% |       40354      3.10%     75.13% |       40449      3.11%     78.24% |       40431      3.11%     81.35% |       40439      3.11%     84.47% |       40354      3.10%     87.57% |       40414      3.11%     90.68% |       40395      3.11%     93.79% |       40381      3.11%     96.89% |       40388      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46089      3.64%      3.64% |       39391      3.11%      6.75% |       39429      3.11%      9.86% |       39391      3.11%     12.97% |       39369      3.11%     16.07% |       39326      3.10%     19.18% |       39349      3.11%     22.28% |       39386      3.11%     25.39% |       39402      3.11%     28.50% |       39409      3.11%     31.61% |       39480      3.12%     34.73% |       39411      3.11%     37.84% |       39428      3.11%     40.95% |       39400      3.11%     44.06% |       39395      3.11%     47.17% |       39320      3.10%     50.27% |       39399      3.11%     53.38% |       39386      3.11%     56.49% |       39397      3.11%     59.60% |       39354      3.11%     62.70% |       39379      3.11%     65.81% |       39453      3.11%     68.92% |       39385      3.11%     72.03% |       39330      3.10%     75.14% |       39425      3.11%     78.25% |       39407      3.11%     81.36% |       39415      3.11%     84.47% |       39330      3.10%     87.57% |       39390      3.11%     90.68% |       39371      3.11%     93.79% |       39357      3.11%     96.89% |       39364      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          65     11.21%     11.21% |          21      3.62%     14.83% |          14      2.41%     17.24% |          20      3.45%     20.69% |          12      2.07%     22.76% |          13      2.24%     25.00% |          18      3.10%     28.10% |          14      2.41%     30.52% |          13      2.24%     32.76% |          13      2.24%     35.00% |          22      3.79%     38.79% |           6      1.03%     39.83% |           9      1.55%     41.38% |          13      2.24%     43.62% |          13      2.24%     45.86% |          11      1.90%     47.76% |          12      2.07%     49.83% |          15      2.59%     52.41% |          13      2.24%     54.66% |          18      3.10%     57.76% |          32      5.52%     63.28% |          48      8.28%     71.55% |          23      3.97%     75.52% |          14      2.41%     77.93% |          13      2.24%     80.17% |          21      3.62%     83.79% |          15      2.59%     86.38% |          15      2.59%     88.97% |          11      1.90%     90.86% |          16      2.76%     93.62% |          24      4.14%     97.76% |          13      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1867      3.06%      3.06% |        1858      3.05%      6.11% |        1882      3.09%      9.19% |        1909      3.13%     12.32% |        1934      3.17%     15.49% |        1910      3.13%     18.62% |        1920      3.15%     21.77% |        1891      3.10%     24.87% |        1917      3.14%     28.01% |        1953      3.20%     31.21% |        1967      3.22%     34.44% |        1953      3.20%     37.64% |        1956      3.21%     40.84% |        1943      3.19%     44.03% |        1915      3.14%     47.17% |        1874      3.07%     50.24% |        1909      3.13%     53.37% |        1929      3.16%     56.53% |        1939      3.18%     59.71% |        1939      3.18%     62.89% |        1975      3.24%     66.13% |        1904      3.12%     69.25% |        1888      3.09%     72.34% |        1825      2.99%     75.33% |        1873      3.07%     78.40% |        1825      2.99%     81.40% |        1845      3.02%     84.42% |        1895      3.11%     87.53% |        1945      3.19%     90.72% |        1901      3.12%     93.83% |        1920      3.15%     96.98% |        1843      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        61004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2687      3.17%      3.17% |        2692      3.18%      6.34% |        2679      3.16%      9.50% |        2731      3.22%     12.73% |        2759      3.25%     15.98% |        2690      3.17%     19.15% |        2665      3.14%     22.30% |        2630      3.10%     25.40% |        2641      3.12%     28.51% |        2710      3.20%     31.71% |        2662      3.14%     34.85% |        2692      3.18%     38.02% |        2630      3.10%     41.13% |        2590      3.05%     44.18% |        2541      3.00%     47.18% |        2569      3.03%     50.21% |        2559      3.02%     53.23% |        2647      3.12%     56.35% |        2586      3.05%     59.40% |        2627      3.10%     62.50% |        2620      3.09%     65.59% |        2608      3.08%     68.66% |        2565      3.03%     71.69% |        2561      3.02%     74.71% |        2616      3.09%     77.80% |        2663      3.14%     80.94% |        2611      3.08%     84.02% |        2723      3.21%     87.23% |        2761      3.26%     90.49% |        2726      3.22%     93.70% |        2695      3.18%     96.88% |        2646      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        84782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2400      3.14%      3.14% |        2346      3.07%      6.21% |        2349      3.07%      9.29% |        2379      3.11%     12.40% |        2411      3.16%     15.56% |        2354      3.08%     18.64% |        2374      3.11%     21.75% |        2402      3.14%     24.89% |        2396      3.14%     28.03% |        2409      3.15%     31.18% |        2461      3.22%     34.40% |        2427      3.18%     37.58% |        2456      3.21%     40.79% |        2407      3.15%     43.94% |        2393      3.13%     47.08% |        2356      3.08%     50.16% |        2387      3.12%     53.28% |        2425      3.17%     56.46% |        2408      3.15%     59.61% |        2365      3.10%     62.71% |        2389      3.13%     65.83% |        2406      3.15%     68.98% |        2332      3.05%     72.04% |        2254      2.95%     74.99% |        2363      3.09%     78.08% |        2377      3.11%     81.19% |        2372      3.10%     84.29% |        2365      3.10%     87.39% |        2457      3.22%     90.61% |        2413      3.16%     93.77% |        2427      3.18%     96.94% |        2336      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        76396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1867      3.06%      3.06% |        1858      3.05%      6.11% |        1882      3.09%      9.19% |        1909      3.13%     12.32% |        1934      3.17%     15.49% |        1910      3.13%     18.62% |        1920      3.15%     21.77% |        1891      3.10%     24.87% |        1917      3.14%     28.01% |        1953      3.20%     31.21% |        1967      3.22%     34.44% |        1953      3.20%     37.64% |        1956      3.21%     40.85% |        1943      3.19%     44.03% |        1915      3.14%     47.17% |        1874      3.07%     50.24% |        1908      3.13%     53.37% |        1929      3.16%     56.53% |        1939      3.18%     59.71% |        1939      3.18%     62.89% |        1975      3.24%     66.13% |        1904      3.12%     69.25% |        1887      3.09%     72.34% |        1825      2.99%     75.33% |        1873      3.07%     78.40% |        1826      2.99%     81.40% |        1845      3.02%     84.42% |        1895      3.11%     87.53% |        1945      3.19%     90.72% |        1901      3.12%     93.83% |        1920      3.15%     96.98% |        1842      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        61002                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152669      5.70%      5.70% |       82615      3.08%      8.78% |       81226      3.03%     11.82% |       82051      3.06%     14.88% |       80963      3.02%     17.90% |       80701      3.01%     20.91% |       80857      3.02%     23.93% |       80604      3.01%     26.94% |       80861      3.02%     29.96% |       81672      3.05%     33.01% |       83012      3.10%     36.11% |       82180      3.07%     39.18% |       81645      3.05%     42.22% |       80342      3.00%     45.22% |       79890      2.98%     48.21% |       80499      3.01%     51.21% |       81487      3.04%     54.25% |       80761      3.01%     57.27% |       81553      3.04%     60.31% |       81573      3.05%     63.36% |       81401      3.04%     66.40% |       83674      3.12%     69.52% |       81602      3.05%     72.57% |       81161      3.03%     75.60% |       81178      3.03%     78.63% |       81444      3.04%     81.67% |       81118      3.03%     84.70% |       80573      3.01%     87.71% |       80828      3.02%     90.72% |       80383      3.00%     93.72% |       83173      3.11%     96.83% |       84947      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2678643                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         469      3.23%      3.23% |         417      2.88%      6.11% |         425      2.93%      9.04% |         421      2.90%     11.94% |         432      2.98%     14.92% |         407      2.81%     17.73% |         430      2.97%     20.70% |         476      3.28%     23.98% |         448      3.09%     27.07% |         433      2.99%     30.05% |         459      3.17%     33.22% |         460      3.17%     36.39% |         488      3.37%     39.76% |         469      3.23%     42.99% |         480      3.31%     46.30% |         468      3.23%     49.53% |         480      3.31%     52.84% |         484      3.34%     56.18% |         481      3.32%     59.49% |         449      3.10%     62.59% |         436      3.01%     65.60% |         463      3.19%     68.79% |         425      2.93%     71.72% |         427      2.94%     74.66% |         475      3.28%     77.94% |         498      3.43%     81.37% |         475      3.28%     84.65% |         429      2.96%     87.61% |         451      3.11%     90.72% |         463      3.19%     93.91% |         459      3.17%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24649      4.23%      4.23% |       18052      3.10%      7.33% |       18081      3.10%     10.43% |       18038      3.09%     13.52% |       18021      3.09%     16.61% |       17993      3.09%     19.70% |       17992      3.09%     22.79% |       17991      3.09%     25.87% |       18024      3.09%     28.96% |       18046      3.10%     32.06% |       18107      3.11%     35.17% |       18012      3.09%     38.26% |       18017      3.09%     41.35% |       18012      3.09%     44.44% |       17998      3.09%     47.52% |       17935      3.08%     50.60% |       17993      3.09%     53.69% |       17970      3.08%     56.77% |       17986      3.09%     59.86% |       17979      3.08%     62.94% |       17996      3.09%     66.03% |       18030      3.09%     69.12% |       18040      3.09%     72.22% |       17977      3.08%     75.30% |       18014      3.09%     78.39% |       17983      3.08%     81.47% |       18004      3.09%     84.56% |       17984      3.09%     87.65% |       18020      3.09%     90.74% |       17988      3.09%     93.83% |       17968      3.08%     96.91% |       18027      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.63% |       21984      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4533      3.11%      3.11% |        4475      3.07%      6.18% |        4466      3.06%      9.25% |        4606      3.16%     12.41% |        4705      3.23%     15.64% |        4756      3.26%     18.90% |        4663      3.20%     22.10% |        4582      3.14%     25.25% |        4517      3.10%     28.35% |        4664      3.20%     31.55% |        4574      3.14%     34.68% |        4584      3.15%     37.83% |        4508      3.09%     40.92% |        4594      3.15%     44.08% |        4565      3.13%     47.21% |        4442      3.05%     50.26% |        4457      3.06%     53.32% |        4684      3.21%     56.53% |        4573      3.14%     59.67% |        4540      3.12%     62.79% |        4451      3.05%     65.84% |        4595      3.15%     68.99% |        4529      3.11%     72.10% |        4346      2.98%     75.08% |        4427      3.04%     78.12% |        4505      3.09%     81.21% |        4431      3.04%     84.25% |        4592      3.15%     87.41% |        4613      3.17%     90.57% |        4653      3.19%     93.77% |        4601      3.16%     96.92% |        4484      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       145715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          12      3.32%      3.32% |           9      2.49%      5.82% |          10      2.77%      8.59% |           6      1.66%     10.25% |           8      2.22%     12.47% |           7      1.94%     14.40% |          12      3.32%     17.73% |          11      3.05%     20.78% |           8      2.22%     22.99% |          11      3.05%     26.04% |          15      4.16%     30.19% |          12      3.32%     33.52% |          12      3.32%     36.84% |          13      3.60%     40.44% |          15      4.16%     44.60% |          15      4.16%     48.75% |          12      3.32%     52.08% |           5      1.39%     53.46% |          15      4.16%     57.62% |          13      3.60%     61.22% |          11      3.05%     64.27% |           8      2.22%     66.48% |          13      3.60%     70.08% |          10      2.77%     72.85% |          13      3.60%     76.45% |          12      3.32%     79.78% |          19      5.26%     85.04% |          14      3.88%     88.92% |          13      3.60%     92.52% |           7      1.94%     94.46% |           6      1.66%     96.12% |          14      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2315      3.14%      3.14% |        2261      3.06%      6.20% |        2280      3.09%      9.28% |        2313      3.13%     12.42% |        2345      3.18%     15.59% |        2283      3.09%     18.68% |        2308      3.13%     21.81% |        2327      3.15%     24.96% |        2326      3.15%     28.11% |        2331      3.16%     31.27% |        2357      3.19%     34.46% |        2350      3.18%     37.64% |        2377      3.22%     40.86% |        2318      3.14%     44.00% |        2310      3.13%     47.13% |        2264      3.07%     50.20% |        2314      3.13%     53.33% |        2345      3.18%     56.50% |        2341      3.17%     59.67% |        2298      3.11%     62.79% |        2328      3.15%     65.94% |        2283      3.09%     69.03% |        2238      3.03%     72.06% |        2180      2.95%     75.01% |        2287      3.10%     78.11% |        2297      3.11%     81.22% |        2292      3.10%     84.33% |        2288      3.10%     87.42% |        2371      3.21%     90.64% |        2336      3.16%     93.80% |        2343      3.17%     96.97% |        2236      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86477      8.23%      8.23% |       32078      3.05%     11.29% |       30881      2.94%     14.23% |       31570      3.01%     17.23% |       30828      2.93%     20.17% |       30642      2.92%     23.08% |       30447      2.90%     25.98% |       30517      2.91%     28.89% |       30632      2.92%     31.80% |       30822      2.93%     34.74% |       32756      3.12%     37.86% |       31995      3.05%     40.90% |       31342      2.98%     43.89% |       30421      2.90%     46.78% |       29959      2.85%     49.63% |       30477      2.90%     52.54% |       31315      2.98%     55.52% |       30647      2.92%     58.43% |       31042      2.96%     61.39% |       31123      2.96%     64.35% |       31202      2.97%     67.32% |       32260      3.07%     70.39% |       31307      2.98%     73.37% |       30813      2.93%     76.31% |       30785      2.93%     79.24% |       31184      2.97%     82.21% |       30696      2.92%     85.13% |       30214      2.88%     88.01% |       30727      2.93%     90.93% |       30202      2.88%     93.81% |       30923      2.94%     96.75% |       34132      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1050416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18718      5.90%      5.90% |        9730      3.07%      8.96% |        9507      3.00%     11.96% |        9699      3.06%     15.02% |        9383      2.96%     17.97% |        9321      2.94%     20.91% |        9699      3.06%     23.97% |        9361      2.95%     26.92% |        9463      2.98%     29.90% |       10068      3.17%     33.07% |        9401      2.96%     36.03% |        9425      2.97%     39.00% |        9547      3.01%     42.01% |        9191      2.90%     44.91% |        9224      2.91%     47.81% |        9356      2.95%     50.76% |        9430      2.97%     53.73% |        9419      2.97%     56.70% |        9777      3.08%     59.78% |        9715      3.06%     62.84% |        9429      2.97%     65.82% |       10613      3.34%     69.16% |        9527      3.00%     72.16% |        9598      3.02%     75.19% |        9586      3.02%     78.21% |        9530      3.00%     81.21% |        9663      3.04%     84.25% |        9628      3.03%     87.29% |        9335      2.94%     90.23% |        9449      2.98%     93.21% |       11527      3.63%     96.84% |       10029      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       317348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28169      4.02%      4.02% |       21655      3.09%      7.12% |       21684      3.10%     10.21% |       21675      3.10%     13.31% |       21662      3.09%     16.40% |       21664      3.09%     19.49% |       21668      3.09%     22.59% |       21677      3.10%     25.68% |       21682      3.10%     28.78% |       21684      3.10%     31.88% |       21694      3.10%     34.98% |       21696      3.10%     38.07% |       21673      3.10%     41.17% |       21671      3.09%     44.26% |       21671      3.09%     47.36% |       21672      3.09%     50.45% |       21695      3.10%     53.55% |       21682      3.10%     56.65% |       21685      3.10%     59.75% |       21685      3.10%     62.84% |       21677      3.10%     65.94% |       21684      3.10%     69.03% |       21681      3.10%     72.13% |       21692      3.10%     75.23% |       21706      3.10%     78.33% |       21684      3.10%     81.42% |       21693      3.10%     84.52% |       21678      3.10%     87.62% |       21690      3.10%     90.72% |       21676      3.10%     93.81% |       21668      3.09%     96.91% |       21668      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700241                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15422      3.15%      3.15% |       15345      3.14%      6.29% |       15360      3.14%      9.43% |       15295      3.13%     12.56% |       15264      3.12%     15.68% |       15274      3.12%     18.80% |       15267      3.12%     21.92% |       15271      3.12%     25.04% |       15289      3.13%     28.17% |       15280      3.12%     31.29% |       15282      3.12%     34.41% |       15261      3.12%     37.53% |       15269      3.12%     40.65% |       15288      3.13%     43.78% |       15297      3.13%     46.91% |       15260      3.12%     50.03% |       15283      3.12%     53.15% |       15242      3.12%     56.27% |       15269      3.12%     59.39% |       15264      3.12%     62.51% |       15259      3.12%     65.63% |       15292      3.13%     68.75% |       15326      3.13%     71.89% |       15349      3.14%     75.02% |       15321      3.13%     78.16% |       15303      3.13%     81.28% |       15313      3.13%     84.41% |       15252      3.12%     87.53% |       15211      3.11%     90.64% |       15244      3.12%     93.76% |       15216      3.11%     96.87% |       15323      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1867      3.06%      3.06% |        1858      3.05%      6.11% |        1882      3.09%      9.19% |        1909      3.13%     12.32% |        1934      3.17%     15.49% |        1910      3.13%     18.62% |        1920      3.15%     21.77% |        1891      3.10%     24.87% |        1917      3.14%     28.01% |        1953      3.20%     31.21% |        1967      3.22%     34.44% |        1953      3.20%     37.64% |        1956      3.21%     40.85% |        1943      3.19%     44.03% |        1915      3.14%     47.17% |        1874      3.07%     50.24% |        1908      3.13%     53.37% |        1929      3.16%     56.53% |        1939      3.18%     59.71% |        1939      3.18%     62.89% |        1975      3.24%     66.13% |        1904      3.12%     69.25% |        1887      3.09%     72.34% |        1825      2.99%     75.33% |        1873      3.07%     78.40% |        1826      2.99%     81.40% |        1845      3.02%     84.42% |        1895      3.11%     87.53% |        1945      3.19%     90.72% |        1901      3.12%     93.83% |        1920      3.15%     96.98% |        1842      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        61002                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         839      3.17%      3.17% |         832      3.14%      6.31% |         830      3.14%      9.45% |         817      3.09%     12.53% |         825      3.12%     15.65% |         826      3.12%     18.77% |         805      3.04%     21.81% |         832      3.14%     24.96% |         838      3.17%     28.12% |         827      3.12%     31.25% |         850      3.21%     34.46% |         824      3.11%     37.57% |         832      3.14%     40.71% |         816      3.08%     43.80% |         811      3.06%     46.86% |         836      3.16%     50.02% |         856      3.23%     53.25% |         833      3.15%     56.40% |         832      3.14%     59.54% |         832      3.14%     62.68% |         827      3.12%     65.81% |         812      3.07%     68.88% |         805      3.04%     71.92% |         832      3.14%     75.06% |         849      3.21%     78.27% |         837      3.16%     81.43% |         824      3.11%     84.54% |         826      3.12%     87.66% |         821      3.10%     90.76% |         812      3.07%     93.83% |         806      3.04%     96.88% |         827      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26471                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149698      5.79%      5.79% |       79716      3.08%      8.88% |       78326      3.03%     11.91% |       79128      3.06%     14.97% |       78016      3.02%     17.99% |       77776      3.01%     20.99% |       77938      3.02%     24.01% |       77674      3.01%     27.01% |       77916      3.01%     30.03% |       78704      3.04%     33.07% |       79977      3.09%     36.17% |       79211      3.06%     39.23% |       78668      3.04%     42.28% |       77388      2.99%     45.27% |       76959      2.98%     48.25% |       77583      3.00%     51.25% |       78544      3.04%     54.29% |       77819      3.01%     57.30% |       78610      3.04%     60.34% |       78627      3.04%     63.38% |       78408      3.03%     66.42% |       80699      3.12%     69.54% |       78692      3.04%     72.58% |       78317      3.03%     75.61% |       78273      3.03%     78.64% |       78597      3.04%     81.68% |       78251      3.03%     84.71% |       77658      3.00%     87.71% |       77859      3.01%     90.72% |       77471      3.00%     93.72% |       80230      3.10%     96.83% |       82051      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2584784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.50%      2.50% |           4     10.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3      7.50%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      2.50%     27.50% |           1      2.50%     30.00% |           1      2.50%     32.50% |           2      5.00%     37.50% |           4     10.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           1      2.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      2.50%     52.50% |           1      2.50%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      2.50%     57.50% |           0      0.00%     57.50% |           1      2.50%     60.00% |           1      2.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           3      7.50%     70.00% |           2      5.00%     75.00% |           3      7.50%     82.50% |           2      5.00%     87.50% |           1      2.50%     90.00% |           1      2.50%     92.50% |           1      2.50%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           2      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           9      3.09%      3.09% |          15      5.15%      8.25% |           8      2.75%     11.00% |          11      3.78%     14.78% |           5      1.72%     16.49% |           9      3.09%     19.59% |          12      4.12%     23.71% |           8      2.75%     26.46% |           8      2.75%     29.21% |           6      2.06%     31.27% |          16      5.50%     36.77% |           4      1.37%     38.14% |           2      0.69%     38.83% |           7      2.41%     41.24% |           2      0.69%     41.92% |           7      2.41%     44.33% |           9      3.09%     47.42% |          12      4.12%     51.55% |           7      2.41%     53.95% |          10      3.44%     57.39% |           9      3.09%     60.48% |          13      4.47%     64.95% |          15      5.15%     70.10% |           5      1.72%     71.82% |          13      4.47%     76.29% |          12      4.12%     80.41% |           9      3.09%     83.51% |          12      4.12%     87.63% |          10      3.44%     91.07% |           9      3.09%     94.16% |          11      3.78%     97.94% |           6      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          87      3.14%      3.14% |          89      3.21%      6.35% |          74      2.67%      9.02% |          74      2.67%     11.68% |          72      2.60%     14.28% |          73      2.63%     16.91% |          71      2.56%     19.47% |          81      2.92%     22.39% |          75      2.70%     25.10% |          84      3.03%     28.13% |         109      3.93%     32.06% |          79      2.85%     34.91% |          85      3.07%     37.97% |          95      3.43%     41.40% |          93      3.35%     44.75% |          96      3.46%     48.21% |          77      2.78%     50.99% |          83      2.99%     53.98% |          72      2.60%     56.58% |          75      2.70%     59.29% |          84      3.03%     62.32% |         158      5.70%     68.01% |         103      3.71%     71.73% |          83      2.99%     74.72% |          75      2.70%     77.43% |          85      3.07%     80.49% |          86      3.10%     83.59% |          80      2.88%     86.48% |          87      3.14%     89.61% |          84      3.03%     92.64% |          97      3.50%     96.14% |         107      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     30.49%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |          18     21.95%     52.44% |          21     25.61%     78.05% |          18     21.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.81%      0.81% |           1      0.81%      1.61% |           0      0.00%      1.61% |           1      0.81%      2.42% |           1      0.81%      3.23% |           0      0.00%      3.23% |           2      1.61%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           2      1.61%      6.45% |          23     18.55%     25.00% |           1      0.81%     25.81% |           2      1.61%     27.42% |           1      0.81%     28.23% |           1      0.81%     29.03% |           2      1.61%     30.65% |           1      0.81%     31.45% |           3      2.42%     33.87% |           1      0.81%     34.68% |           2      1.61%     36.29% |           0      0.00%     36.29% |          52     41.94%     78.23% |          17     13.71%     91.94% |           3      2.42%     94.35% |           2      1.61%     95.97% |           2      1.61%     97.58% |           1      0.81%     98.39% |           1      0.81%     99.19% |           1      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     87.50%     87.50% |           3     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46089      3.64%      3.64% |       39391      3.11%      6.75% |       39429      3.11%      9.86% |       39391      3.11%     12.97% |       39369      3.11%     16.07% |       39326      3.10%     19.18% |       39349      3.11%     22.28% |       39386      3.11%     25.39% |       39402      3.11%     28.50% |       39409      3.11%     31.61% |       39480      3.12%     34.73% |       39411      3.11%     37.84% |       39428      3.11%     40.95% |       39400      3.11%     44.06% |       39395      3.11%     47.17% |       39320      3.10%     50.27% |       39399      3.11%     53.38% |       39386      3.11%     56.49% |       39397      3.11%     59.60% |       39354      3.11%     62.70% |       39379      3.11%     65.81% |       39453      3.11%     68.92% |       39385      3.11%     72.03% |       39330      3.10%     75.14% |       39425      3.11%     78.25% |       39407      3.11%     81.36% |       39415      3.11%     84.47% |       39330      3.10%     87.57% |       39390      3.11%     90.68% |       39371      3.11%     93.79% |       39357      3.11%     96.89% |       39364      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          60     19.80%     19.80% |          13      4.29%     24.09% |           7      2.31%     26.40% |          10      3.30%     29.70% |           4      1.32%     31.02% |           7      2.31%     33.33% |          11      3.63%     36.96% |           7      2.31%     39.27% |           6      1.98%     41.25% |           5      1.65%     42.90% |          13      4.29%     47.19% |           4      1.32%     48.51% |           2      0.66%     49.17% |           7      2.31%     51.49% |           2      0.66%     52.15% |           7      2.31%     54.46% |           9      2.97%     57.43% |          11      3.63%     61.06% |           6      1.98%     63.04% |          10      3.30%     66.34% |           8      2.64%     68.98% |           9      2.97%     71.95% |          12      3.96%     75.91% |           5      1.65%     77.56% |          12      3.96%     81.52% |          11      3.63%     85.15% |           8      2.64%     87.79% |           9      2.97%     90.76% |           7      2.31%     93.07% |           7      2.31%     95.38% |          10      3.30%     98.68% |           4      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           3      7.14%     80.95% |           3      7.14%     88.10% |           2      4.76%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |          12     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     20.00%     20.00% |          16     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      1.82%      1.82% |           8      2.91%      4.73% |           7      2.55%      7.27% |          10      3.64%     10.91% |           8      2.91%     13.82% |           6      2.18%     16.00% |           7      2.55%     18.55% |           7      2.55%     21.09% |           7      2.55%     23.64% |           8      2.91%     26.55% |           9      3.27%     29.82% |           2      0.73%     30.55% |           7      2.55%     33.09% |           6      2.18%     35.27% |          11      4.00%     39.27% |           4      1.45%     40.73% |           3      1.09%     41.82% |           4      1.45%     43.27% |           7      2.55%     45.82% |           8      2.91%     48.73% |          24      8.73%     57.45% |          39     14.18%     71.64% |          11      4.00%     75.64% |           9      3.27%     78.91% |           1      0.36%     79.27% |           8      2.91%     82.18% |           7      2.55%     84.73% |           6      2.18%     86.91% |           4      1.45%     88.36% |           9      3.27%     91.64% |          14      5.09%     96.73% |           9      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          82      3.29%      3.29% |          81      3.25%      6.54% |          67      2.69%      9.22% |          64      2.57%     11.79% |          64      2.57%     14.35% |          67      2.69%     17.04% |          64      2.57%     19.61% |          74      2.97%     22.57% |          68      2.73%     25.30% |          76      3.05%     28.35% |         100      4.01%     32.36% |          77      3.09%     35.45% |          78      3.13%     38.57% |          89      3.57%     42.14% |          82      3.29%     45.43% |          92      3.69%     49.12% |          73      2.93%     52.04% |          79      3.17%     55.21% |          65      2.61%     57.82% |          67      2.69%     60.51% |          60      2.41%     62.91% |         119      4.77%     67.68% |          91      3.65%     71.33% |          74      2.97%     74.30% |          74      2.97%     77.27% |          76      3.05%     80.31% |          79      3.17%     83.48% |          74      2.97%     86.45% |          83      3.33%     89.78% |          75      3.01%     92.78% |          83      3.33%     96.11% |          97      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2687      3.17%      3.17% |        2692      3.18%      6.34% |        2679      3.16%      9.50% |        2731      3.22%     12.73% |        2759      3.25%     15.98% |        2690      3.17%     19.15% |        2665      3.14%     22.30% |        2630      3.10%     25.40% |        2641      3.12%     28.51% |        2710      3.20%     31.71% |        2662      3.14%     34.85% |        2692      3.18%     38.03% |        2630      3.10%     41.13% |        2590      3.05%     44.18% |        2541      3.00%     47.18% |        2569      3.03%     50.21% |        2559      3.02%     53.23% |        2647      3.12%     56.35% |        2586      3.05%     59.40% |        2627      3.10%     62.50% |        2620      3.09%     65.59% |        2608      3.08%     68.67% |        2565      3.03%     71.69% |        2561      3.02%     74.71% |        2616      3.09%     77.80% |        2661      3.14%     80.94% |        2611      3.08%     84.02% |        2723      3.21%     87.23% |        2761      3.26%     90.48% |        2726      3.22%     93.70% |        2695      3.18%     96.88% |        2646      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        84780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2315      3.14%      3.14% |        2261      3.06%      6.20% |        2280      3.09%      9.28% |        2313      3.13%     12.42% |        2345      3.18%     15.59% |        2283      3.09%     18.68% |        2308      3.13%     21.81% |        2327      3.15%     24.96% |        2326      3.15%     28.11% |        2331      3.16%     31.27% |        2357      3.19%     34.46% |        2350      3.18%     37.64% |        2377      3.22%     40.86% |        2318      3.14%     44.00% |        2310      3.13%     47.13% |        2264      3.07%     50.20% |        2314      3.13%     53.33% |        2345      3.18%     56.50% |        2341      3.17%     59.67% |        2298      3.11%     62.79% |        2328      3.15%     65.94% |        2283      3.09%     69.03% |        2238      3.03%     72.06% |        2180      2.95%     75.01% |        2287      3.10%     78.11% |        2297      3.11%     81.22% |        2292      3.10%     84.33% |        2288      3.10%     87.42% |        2371      3.21%     90.64% |        2336      3.16%     93.80% |        2343      3.17%     96.97% |        2236      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          11      1.08%      1.08% |          27      2.64%      3.71% |          26      2.54%      6.26% |          34      3.32%      9.58% |          35      3.42%     13.00% |          31      3.03%     16.03% |          37      3.62%     19.65% |          40      3.91%     23.56% |          50      4.89%     28.45% |          46      4.50%     32.94% |          41      4.01%     36.95% |          39      3.81%     40.76% |          44      4.30%     45.06% |          41      4.01%     49.07% |          48      4.69%     53.76% |          46      4.50%     58.26% |          57      5.57%     63.83% |          64      6.26%     70.09% |          47      4.59%     74.68% |          28      2.74%     77.42% |          24      2.35%     79.77% |          25      2.44%     82.21% |          21      2.05%     84.26% |           9      0.88%     85.14% |          17      1.66%     86.80% |          40      3.91%     90.71% |          30      2.93%     93.65% |          22      2.15%     95.80% |          20      1.96%     97.75% |          12      1.17%     98.92% |           6      0.59%     99.51% |           5      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24638      4.23%      4.23% |       18025      3.10%      7.33% |       18055      3.10%     10.43% |       18004      3.09%     13.53% |       17986      3.09%     16.62% |       17962      3.09%     19.71% |       17955      3.09%     22.79% |       17951      3.08%     25.88% |       17974      3.09%     28.97% |       18000      3.09%     32.06% |       18066      3.10%     35.16% |       17973      3.09%     38.25% |       17973      3.09%     41.34% |       17971      3.09%     44.43% |       17950      3.08%     47.51% |       17889      3.07%     50.59% |       17936      3.08%     53.67% |       17906      3.08%     56.75% |       17939      3.08%     59.83% |       17951      3.08%     62.91% |       17972      3.09%     66.00% |       18005      3.09%     69.10% |       18019      3.10%     72.19% |       17968      3.09%     75.28% |       17997      3.09%     78.37% |       17943      3.08%     81.46% |       17974      3.09%     84.55% |       17962      3.09%     87.63% |       18000      3.09%     90.73% |       17976      3.09%     93.82% |       17962      3.09%     96.90% |       18022      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       581904                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         480      3.09%      3.09% |         444      2.86%      5.95% |         451      2.91%      8.86% |         455      2.93%     11.79% |         467      3.01%     14.80% |         438      2.82%     17.62% |         467      3.01%     20.63% |         516      3.32%     23.95% |         498      3.21%     27.16% |         479      3.09%     30.25% |         500      3.22%     33.47% |         499      3.21%     36.68% |         532      3.43%     40.11% |         510      3.29%     43.39% |         528      3.40%     46.80% |         514      3.31%     50.11% |         537      3.46%     53.57% |         548      3.53%     57.10% |         528      3.40%     60.50% |         477      3.07%     63.57% |         460      2.96%     66.53% |         488      3.14%     69.68% |         446      2.87%     72.55% |         436      2.81%     75.36% |         492      3.17%     78.53% |         538      3.47%     81.99% |         505      3.25%     85.25% |         450      2.90%     88.15% |         471      3.03%     91.18% |         475      3.06%     94.24% |         465      3.00%     97.24% |         429      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.63% |       21984      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          15      2.91%      2.91% |          19      3.69%      6.60% |           9      1.75%      8.35% |          15      2.91%     11.26% |          21      4.08%     15.34% |          26      5.05%     20.39% |          13      2.52%     22.91% |          12      2.33%     25.24% |          15      2.91%     28.16% |          19      3.69%     31.84% |          18      3.50%     35.34% |           9      1.75%     37.09% |          14      2.72%     39.81% |          30      5.83%     45.63% |          16      3.11%     48.74% |          11      2.14%     50.87% |          14      2.72%     53.59% |          19      3.69%     57.28% |          23      4.47%     61.75% |          13      2.52%     64.27% |          14      2.72%     66.99% |          18      3.50%     70.49% |           9      1.75%     72.23% |          11      2.14%     74.37% |          21      4.08%     78.45% |          20      3.88%     82.33% |          22      4.27%     86.60% |          19      3.69%     90.29% |          21      4.08%     94.37% |          17      3.30%     97.67% |           4      0.78%     98.45% |           8      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      1.72%      1.72% |           3      5.17%      6.90% |           2      3.45%     10.34% |           3      5.17%     15.52% |           1      1.72%     17.24% |           3      5.17%     22.41% |           0      0.00%     22.41% |           1      1.72%     24.14% |           1      1.72%     25.86% |           5      8.62%     34.48% |           3      5.17%     39.66% |           4      6.90%     46.55% |           2      3.45%     50.00% |           1      1.72%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           3      5.17%     56.90% |           1      1.72%     58.62% |           1      1.72%     60.34% |           1      1.72%     62.07% |           2      3.45%     65.52% |           1      1.72%     67.24% |           3      5.17%     72.41% |           1      1.72%     74.14% |           3      5.17%     79.31% |           2      3.45%     82.76% |           4      6.90%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           2      3.45%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           2      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           2      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152667      5.70%      5.70% |       82611      3.08%      8.78% |       81220      3.03%     11.82% |       82046      3.06%     14.88% |       80962      3.02%     17.90% |       80701      3.01%     20.91% |       80857      3.02%     23.93% |       80604      3.01%     26.94% |       80861      3.02%     29.96% |       81671      3.05%     33.01% |       83011      3.10%     36.11% |       82180      3.07%     39.18% |       81641      3.05%     42.22% |       80342      3.00%     45.22% |       79885      2.98%     48.21% |       80499      3.01%     51.21% |       81487      3.04%     54.25% |       80761      3.02%     57.27% |       81544      3.04%     60.31% |       81571      3.05%     63.36% |       81401      3.04%     66.40% |       83674      3.12%     69.52% |       81602      3.05%     72.57% |       81161      3.03%     75.60% |       81177      3.03%     78.63% |       81444      3.04%     81.67% |       81117      3.03%     84.70% |       80572      3.01%     87.71% |       80826      3.02%     90.72% |       80383      3.00%     93.72% |       83172      3.11%     96.83% |       84947      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2678597                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           9      2.67%      2.67% |           9      2.67%      5.34% |          10      2.97%      8.31% |           4      1.19%      9.50% |           8      2.37%     11.87% |           7      2.08%     13.95% |          12      3.56%     17.51% |          10      2.97%     20.47% |           8      2.37%     22.85% |          10      2.97%     25.82% |          14      4.15%     29.97% |          11      3.26%     33.23% |          11      3.26%     36.50% |          12      3.56%     40.06% |          15      4.45%     44.51% |          12      3.56%     48.07% |          11      3.26%     51.34% |           5      1.48%     52.82% |          15      4.45%     57.27% |          10      2.97%     60.24% |          11      3.26%     63.50% |           7      2.08%     65.58% |          12      3.56%     69.14% |           9      2.67%     71.81% |          12      3.56%     75.37% |          12      3.56%     78.93% |          19      5.64%     84.57% |          14      4.15%     88.72% |          11      3.26%     91.99% |           7      2.08%     94.07% |           6      1.78%     95.85% |          14      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          337                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1848      3.13%      3.13% |        1818      3.08%      6.22% |        1815      3.08%      9.30% |        1857      3.15%     12.45% |        1880      3.19%     15.63% |        1847      3.13%     18.77% |        1853      3.14%     21.91% |        1831      3.11%     25.01% |        1802      3.06%     28.07% |        1881      3.19%     31.26% |        1881      3.19%     34.45% |        1888      3.20%     37.65% |        1907      3.23%     40.89% |        1844      3.13%     44.02% |        1862      3.16%     47.17% |        1845      3.13%     50.30% |        1847      3.13%     53.44% |        1853      3.14%     56.58% |        1869      3.17%     59.75% |        1860      3.15%     62.90% |        1886      3.20%     66.10% |        1832      3.11%     69.21% |        1828      3.10%     72.31% |        1785      3.03%     75.34% |        1808      3.07%     78.40% |        1775      3.01%     81.41% |        1776      3.01%     84.43% |        1833      3.11%     87.53% |        1907      3.23%     90.77% |        1821      3.09%     93.86% |        1863      3.16%     97.02% |        1759      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        58961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          19      0.93%      0.93% |          40      1.96%      2.89% |          67      3.29%      6.18% |          52      2.55%      8.73% |          54      2.65%     11.38% |          63      3.09%     14.47% |          67      3.29%     17.75% |          60      2.94%     20.70% |         115      5.64%     26.34% |          72      3.53%     29.87% |          86      4.22%     34.09% |          65      3.19%     37.27% |          49      2.40%     39.68% |          99      4.86%     44.53% |          53      2.60%     47.13% |          29      1.42%     48.55% |          61      2.99%     51.54% |          76      3.73%     55.27% |          70      3.43%     58.71% |          79      3.87%     62.58% |          89      4.36%     66.94% |          72      3.53%     70.48% |          59      2.89%     73.37% |          40      1.96%     75.33% |          65      3.19%     78.52% |          49      2.40%     80.92% |          69      3.38%     84.31% |          62      3.04%     87.35% |          38      1.86%     89.21% |          80      3.92%     93.13% |          57      2.80%     95.93% |          83      4.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          19      0.93%      0.93% |          40      1.96%      2.89% |          67      3.29%      6.18% |          52      2.55%      8.73% |          54      2.65%     11.38% |          63      3.09%     14.47% |          67      3.29%     17.75% |          60      2.94%     20.70% |         115      5.64%     26.34% |          72      3.53%     29.87% |          86      4.22%     34.09% |          65      3.19%     37.27% |          49      2.40%     39.68% |          99      4.86%     44.53% |          53      2.60%     47.13% |          29      1.42%     48.55% |          61      2.99%     51.54% |          76      3.73%     55.27% |          70      3.43%     58.71% |          79      3.87%     62.58% |          89      4.36%     66.94% |          72      3.53%     70.48% |          59      2.89%     73.37% |          40      1.96%     75.33% |          65      3.19%     78.52% |          49      2.40%     80.92% |          69      3.38%     84.31% |          62      3.04%     87.35% |          38      1.86%     89.21% |          80      3.92%     93.13% |          57      2.80%     95.93% |          83      4.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1848      3.13%      3.13% |        1818      3.08%      6.22% |        1815      3.08%      9.30% |        1857      3.15%     12.45% |        1880      3.19%     15.63% |        1847      3.13%     18.77% |        1853      3.14%     21.91% |        1831      3.11%     25.01% |        1802      3.06%     28.07% |        1881      3.19%     31.26% |        1881      3.19%     34.45% |        1888      3.20%     37.65% |        1907      3.23%     40.89% |        1844      3.13%     44.01% |        1862      3.16%     47.17% |        1845      3.13%     50.30% |        1847      3.13%     53.43% |        1853      3.14%     56.58% |        1869      3.17%     59.75% |        1860      3.15%     62.90% |        1886      3.20%     66.10% |        1832      3.11%     69.21% |        1828      3.10%     72.31% |        1785      3.03%     75.33% |        1808      3.07%     78.40% |        1777      3.01%     81.41% |        1776      3.01%     84.43% |        1833      3.11%     87.53% |        1907      3.23%     90.77% |        1821      3.09%     93.86% |        1863      3.16%     97.02% |        1759      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        58963                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      511624     19.70%     19.70% |     1298425     50.00%     69.70% |       96769      3.73%     73.43% |      106011      4.08%     77.51% |       94735      3.65%     81.16% |      106449      4.10%     85.26% |      100337      3.86%     89.12% |      100290      3.86%     92.98% |       89701      3.45%     96.44% |       92509      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2596850                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      511624     19.70%     19.70% |     1298425     50.00%     69.70% |       96769      3.73%     73.43% |      106011      4.08%     77.51% |       94735      3.65%     81.16% |      106449      4.10%     85.26% |      100337      3.86%     89.12% |      100290      3.86%     92.98% |       89701      3.45%     96.44% |       92509      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2596850                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      511624     19.70%     19.70% |     1298425     50.00%     69.70% |       96769      3.73%     73.43% |      106011      4.08%     77.51% |       94735      3.65%     81.16% |      106449      4.10%     85.26% |      100337      3.86%     89.12% |      100290      3.86%     92.98% |       89701      3.45%     96.44% |       92509      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2596850                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      511624     19.70%     19.70% |     1298425     50.00%     69.70% |       96769      3.73%     73.43% |      106011      4.08%     77.51% |       94735      3.65%     81.16% |      106449      4.10%     85.26% |      100337      3.86%     89.12% |      100290      3.86%     92.98% |       89701      3.45%     96.44% |       92509      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2596850                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
