
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59753432000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235921510500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  92336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164273                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              138842372                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4818660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   430.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39738369                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70698067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234873471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234873471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67070290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67070290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301943761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301943761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      782                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      310                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59752940500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219289                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.206819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.115079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.805912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41250     48.29%     48.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17971     21.04%     69.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14912     17.46%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2606      3.05%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1779      2.08%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1232      1.44%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1107      1.30%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          937      1.10%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3619      4.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.722068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.244809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11880     96.88%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          192      1.57%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          104      0.85%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           48      0.39%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           20      0.16%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.106508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.072322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.852411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12162     99.18%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            27      0.22%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           19      0.15%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           54      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3053021823                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7164184323                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13924.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32674.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  158011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38451                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211958.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10793778500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1995240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46962947750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              326418120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              319304160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              178105125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              174223500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862516200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847680600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205681680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200070000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25621342965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24937965405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13376309250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13975763250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44473062780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44357696355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.294720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.363965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231804861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231804861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64275873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64275873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296080734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296080734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      488                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      271                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59752681500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.689941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.048149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.272129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37893     46.84%     46.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17173     21.23%     68.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14450     17.86%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2513      3.11%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1849      2.29%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1261      1.56%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1069      1.32%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1005      1.24%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3678      4.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.357313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.528052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11391     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          167      1.42%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           88      0.75%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           56      0.48%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           20      0.17%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.109058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.075926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.828468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11644     99.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            43      0.37%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           10      0.09%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           49      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2820476882                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6878033132                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13033.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31783.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156737                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216154.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11222720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1995240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46534199000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              309778560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              301757400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169026000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              164649375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851611800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197568720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191302560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25315296570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24361463700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13644765000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14481460500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44390736090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44239599975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.917037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.387645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13852096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13852096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231820927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231820927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64296223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64296223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296117150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296117150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216439                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216439                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13852096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      512                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      237                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59752728500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216439                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.789998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.108839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.999548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37971     46.96%     46.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16755     20.72%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14700     18.18%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2612      3.23%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1786      2.21%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1297      1.60%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1103      1.36%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          990      1.22%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3652      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.346098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.669600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11386     96.89%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          177      1.51%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           99      0.84%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           42      0.36%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           19      0.16%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           14      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.108246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.074823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.836320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11656     99.19%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            30      0.26%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.14%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           49      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2827139141                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6885145391                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13062.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31812.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38760                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216128.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11128303250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1995240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46628413000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              309854160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              301485240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              169067250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              164500875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851752200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836323800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197594640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25289284905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24500832120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13667582250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14359207500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44387824845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44256419295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.868315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.669130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13837056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13837056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231569226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231569226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64238386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64238386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295807612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295807612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216205                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      461                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      258                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59752686500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216205                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.340523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.429876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.751312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37669     46.75%     46.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16844     20.90%     67.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14671     18.21%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2551      3.17%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1805      2.24%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1256      1.56%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1085      1.35%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          982      1.22%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3716      4.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.348496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.611242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11373     96.88%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          171      1.46%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          100      0.85%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           53      0.45%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           21      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.108868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.075170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.839114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11637     99.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            38      0.32%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           13      0.11%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           51      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2861510305                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6915147805                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13235.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31985.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156765                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38821                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216353.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11014285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1995240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46742848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              308327040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              300850200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              168234000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              164154375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850317000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835941600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3902689440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25212278475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24309867015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13735131750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14526720750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44374215945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44231610180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.640558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.253929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472859                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.456830                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.084694                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.045299                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455401     99.77%     99.77% |       15193      0.20%     99.97% |        1579      0.02%     99.99% |         582      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472859                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20872728                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.637826                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450063                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.970966                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20009515     95.86%     95.86% |      851699      4.08%     99.94% |        5316      0.03%     99.97% |        1819      0.01%     99.98% |        1031      0.00%     99.98% |         681      0.00%     99.99% |         562      0.00%     99.99% |         451      0.00%     99.99% |        1654      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20872728                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20872725                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.514758                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.778639                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.329009                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20855486     99.92%     99.92% |       15016      0.07%     99.99% |         986      0.00%     99.99% |         610      0.00%    100.00% |         389      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20872725                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19647502                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000239                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015484                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19642801     99.98%     99.98% |        4699      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19647502                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225223                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.124083                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.713132                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       121.168771                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207984     98.59%     98.59% |       15016      1.23%     99.82% |         986      0.08%     99.90% |         610      0.05%     99.95% |         389      0.03%     99.98% |         138      0.01%     99.99% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225223                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         815274                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       815274                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14101075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14542287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4747927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4872219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111468                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22651                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52969                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1884976                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45278                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101654                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3058                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           68                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           63                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30753                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35498                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10203                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          187                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9341739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9341739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9416842                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9341739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4618502                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4616835                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9341739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078169                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5728989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5728989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5773153                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5728989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3762757                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3755861                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5728989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4241176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4241176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4273472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4241176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059180                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4241176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035489                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3755749                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3755749                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755749                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1940255                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1939285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3755749                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031427                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4039561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4039561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4059978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4039561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2438294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2435837                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4039561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033802                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3751657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3751657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3769904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3751657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169479                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2168789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3751657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031393                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4823106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4823106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4823106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083247                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4823106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040358                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720914                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720914                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3746002                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720914                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810791                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1810126                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720914                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535885                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535885                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546892                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535885                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324811                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324441                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535885                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021220                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2956931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2956931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2969059                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2956931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1647285                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646859                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2956931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024743                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2063941                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2063941                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070033                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2063941                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910198                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910073                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2063941                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017270                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735671                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785443                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991546                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991546                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995053                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991546                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1010950                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010826                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991546                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016665                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768766                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768766                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771460                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768766                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801075                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800994                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768765                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062400                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062400                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064437                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062400                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454724                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454672                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062400                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008890                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500021                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676396                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012517                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035727                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035727                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041349                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035727                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821871                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035727                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017034                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622188                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689062                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688981                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013543                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513341                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707606                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707421                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012616                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891058                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891058                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893552                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891058                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398358                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398278                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891058                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888953                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888953                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889313                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888953                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451748                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451745                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888953                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007439                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985749                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541307                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008242                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948238                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948238                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948985                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948238                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474105                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948238                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007935                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273796                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273796                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004940                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849282                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407399                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407391                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007103                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530157                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530086                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935608                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462303                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462259                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934791                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007822                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275518                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597322                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004998                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899677                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880857                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879850                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705586                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735380                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734620                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030745                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761690                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761690                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793974                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761690                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696884                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695882                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761690                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031477                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820454                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820454                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820454                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770365                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769374                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820454                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031968                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6350515     29.35%     29.35% |    14162266     65.46%     94.81% |     1123652      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21636433                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6350517     29.35%     29.35% |    14162267     65.46%     94.81% |     1123652      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21636436                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154813813                       |   334746307                       |    25525740                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15347680                       |    45464073                       |     1124496                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.378151                       |   23.636493                       |   22.716766                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.416761                       |    3.210226                       |    1.000751                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.806413                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.862591                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.669004                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002841                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062090      7.10%      7.10% |    0.062268      7.12%     14.21% |    0.062030      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062181      7.11%     28.41% |    0.144610     16.53%     44.93% |    0.144484     16.51%     61.44% |    0.144627     16.53%     77.97% |    0.144525     16.52%     94.48% |    0.012063      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012069      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012067      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012066      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875080                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021689                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022638                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002800                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002146                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002131                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004931                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002486                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002399                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002561                       |    0.002496                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002569                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002504                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002645                       |    0.010996                       |    0.010850                       |    0.010851                       |    0.010839                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000638                       |    0.007464                       |    0.000904                       |    0.000866                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000860                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000866                       |    0.000814                       |    0.000821                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002566                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002000                       |    0.004025                       |    0.002595                       |    0.000814                       |    0.003671                       |    0.007101                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |    0.005551                       |           0                       |    0.008233                       |    0.012147                       |    0.003737                       |    0.004850                       |    0.002559                       |    0.000904                       |    0.007816                       |    0.008479                       |    0.010881                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002544                       |    0.000866                       |    0.010292                       |    0.006724                       |    0.006955                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |    0.005415                       |           0                       |    0.011237                       |    0.007151                       |    0.004405                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.005012                       |    0.003580                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002002                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002136                       |    0.004022                       |    0.002548                       |    0.000821                       |    0.004849                       |    0.003419                       |    0.006904                       |    0.002180                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000848                       |    0.003845                       |    0.009540                       |    0.010037                       |    0.002929                       |    0.027458                       |    0.004238                       |    0.000638                       |    0.006876                       |    0.014754                       |    0.017796                       |    0.006409                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002567                       |    0.007464                       |    0.006223                       |    0.012338                       |    0.013013                       |    0.006329                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002527                       |    0.000860                       |    0.005666                       |    0.007869                       |    0.006784                       |    0.003654                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004916                       |    0.003407                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.002534                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002136                       |           0                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |    0.002617                       |           0                       |    0.004263                       |    0.003320                       |    0.004543                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.008046                       |    0.009917                       |    0.002506                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000848                       |    0.016705                       |    0.007533                       |    0.006094                       |    0.002621                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002505                       |    0.000866                       |    0.005335                       |    0.010287                       |    0.005568                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.005410                       |           0                       |    0.003604                       |    0.011286                       |    0.006446                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004909                       |    0.003226                       |    0.002538                       |           0                       |    0.002564                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002005                       |           0                       |    0.004358                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001508                       |    0.005486                       |           0                       |    0.002621                       |           0                       |    0.008325                       |    0.003233                       |    0.002856                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |    0.006358                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.004354                       |    0.005690                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002538                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004918                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002468                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875080                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8043716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8043716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6143850                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5514151                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.750743                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          742003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12345589                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52685                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9927060                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44989                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12398274                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9972049                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22272649                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97674                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22370323                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4879351                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9817                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4889168                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4879351                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9817                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4889168                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112678491                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17658481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48127486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8043716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6256154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90022604                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          757220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       234192                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320406                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4878676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137980                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3940                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108923381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92352121     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692241      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1172197      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2675145      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1596084      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731817      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1372660      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864925      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6466191      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108923381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10424467                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86700731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5580161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82373303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12520988                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49727599                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6484434                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9016422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30795321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80959874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8044754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90471789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184762807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118040251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77985098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34314385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7590821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10150970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2629907                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2484169                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78887544                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82027679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172421                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7818005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62834                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108923381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76824884     70.53%     70.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12262340     11.26%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6446012      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4672402      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3481282      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3218100      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483579      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339249      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195533      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108923381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181155     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631771     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84553      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273028      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59171037     72.14%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12484517     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10018640     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82027679                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274048544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87370442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75886892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82652082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2381127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2672                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7546                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5592678                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7134763                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34296612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79545294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7590821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10150970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       648534                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         629962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447953                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7546                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214172                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81450079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12334726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22276585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6478585                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9941859                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75967512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75886928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45913011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76050532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       594916                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107531253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84606630     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7984335      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4373499      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2458884      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2643502      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2084797      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480907      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482948      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2415751      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107531253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39738368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70698064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16067241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6435630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6096867                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70323807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       663218                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54394040     76.94%     77.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6435630      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9631611     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70698064                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2415751                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184574256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160464214                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3755110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39738368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70698064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.835509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.835509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120207398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59137378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29751375                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24624511                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35413949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10655104000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10655104000.000015                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408179                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.990041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.214841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.620805                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3390856     99.49%     99.49% |       15072      0.44%     99.93% |        1567      0.05%     99.98% |         580      0.02%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408179                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039206                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.026360                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989875                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.509524                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873297     71.14%     71.14% |     1165774     28.86%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039206                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25474                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.374225                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.897462                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.872491                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         787      3.09%      3.09% |        3488     13.69%     16.78% |       11498     45.14%     61.92% |        5128     20.13%     82.05% |        4143     16.26%     98.31% |         368      1.44%     99.76% |          57      0.22%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25474                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6143960                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.310889                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.114630                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.454132                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6129946     99.77%     99.77% |       11796      0.19%     99.96% |         981      0.02%     99.98% |         610      0.01%     99.99% |         389      0.01%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6143960                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5339966                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000457                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023035                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5337142     99.95%     99.95% |        2822      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5339966                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803994                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.058988                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.698485                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    129.690385                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789980     98.26%     98.26% |       11796      1.47%     99.72% |         981      0.12%     99.85% |         610      0.08%     99.92% |         389      0.05%     99.97% |         138      0.02%     99.99% |          52      0.01%     99.99% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803994                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9698969                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.818069                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362948                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.587591                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9509761     98.05%     98.05% |      166887      1.72%     99.77% |       19037      0.20%     99.97% |         316      0.00%     99.97% |        1282      0.01%     99.98% |        1496      0.02%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9698969                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9411328                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000186                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000161                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013647                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9409575     99.98%     99.98% |        1753      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9411328                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287641                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.454410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.859871                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.640070                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98433     34.22%     34.22% |      166887     58.02%     92.24% |       19037      6.62%     98.86% |         316      0.11%     98.97% |        1282      0.45%     99.41% |        1496      0.52%     99.93% |         183      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287641                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4872217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.090844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256913                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.724573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4858561     99.72%     99.72% |       11230      0.23%     99.95% |        2162      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4872217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4747927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4747926    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4747927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.961920                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.159129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.092893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11230      9.04%     98.05% |        2162      1.74%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.83% |          96      0.08%     99.90% |         105      0.08%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.176961                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154293     98.73%     98.73% |        1524      0.98%     99.71% |         396      0.25%     99.96% |          20      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146882     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.993202                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.735919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.659574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.64%     78.64% |        1524     16.44%     95.08% |         396      4.27%     99.35% |          20      0.22%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13470                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       584894                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62783                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17989                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     8132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  109007                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7462                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  322493                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  213397                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140176950717166                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140176950550086                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117720                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  193233                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31178360                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                31018526                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30936146                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               30827256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31043632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               31203948                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31051695                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               30945649                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31025682                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31162320                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31030324                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30936021                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31039647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31212318                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31047198                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30945117                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31024939                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31180800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31029045                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30935035                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31067577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31220373                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              363014955                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              362919006                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              362776288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              362994766                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              363147547                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              363004297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              362908871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53512                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107680                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53472                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107555                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53521                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53510                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6310                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3131                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53593                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               821                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               794                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               774                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               724                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               711                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               750                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1132                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               3569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 764930                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8708368                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1183013                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8922500                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 697406                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8726580                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1211078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                8975449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 681173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8644431                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1172353                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8830932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                696998                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8605995                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1140151                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8844660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                680721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8597693                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1185732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8754458                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                694551                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8540624                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1190263                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8754245                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                671364                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9158208                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1164704                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9301243                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                734597                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8956101                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1136013                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9064400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                711835                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                638500                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8624334                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1125775                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8835497                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672212                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8644009                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1154705                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8889772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                657774                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8560394                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1114617                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8744026                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               672098                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8523345                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1090650                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8759025                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               657439                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8513645                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1128155                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8667638                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               670081                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8457983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1134044                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8668700                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               648312                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9070899                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1105286                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9211137                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               705585                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8870576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1081457                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8975781                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               684617                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             267359                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571262                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             460863                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             578668                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              92663                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             571613                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             435671                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             578322                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              94980                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            572964                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            454320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            578065                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             94582                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            570178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            415454                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            576704                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             90854                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            574180                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            465596                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            578295                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             94068                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            571805                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            439873                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            578191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94772                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            574052                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            462983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            578992                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             97357                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            572361                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            443021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            579659                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             94340                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               944462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               112999                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116216                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121186                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               102026                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105455                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               108543                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113243                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120203                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105722                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              109423                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              114141                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120917                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104882                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108120                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141805                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143501                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              125627                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              129007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              132344                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           638500                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8624334                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1125775                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8835497                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672212                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8644009                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1154705                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8889772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           657774                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8560394                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1114617                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8744026                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          672098                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8523345                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1090650                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8759025                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          657439                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8513645                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1128155                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8667638                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          670081                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8457983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1134044                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8668700                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          648312                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9070899                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1105286                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9211137                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          705585                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8870576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1081457                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8975781                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          684617                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263035                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571262                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        460441                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        578668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         92462                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        571613                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        435488                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        578322                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         94505                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       572964                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       453781                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       578065                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        94221                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       570178                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       414887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       576704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        90408                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       574180                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       465461                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       578295                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        93798                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       571805                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       439867                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       578191                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       574052                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       462407                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       578992                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        96869                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       572361                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       442366                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       579659                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        94262                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          627215                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          112999                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          102026                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          107742                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113243                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119311                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101624                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105722                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         114141                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115857                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         120024                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107319                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136962                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141805                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142425                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         125627                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         129007                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         131359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             764673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8638624                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1125775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8850683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8656836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1154705                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8903632                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             671368                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8574687                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1114617                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8759110                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            686997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8536251                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1090650                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8772848                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            670821                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8527949                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1128155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8682636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            685036                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8470880                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1134044                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8682438                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            661874                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9088464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1105286                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9229421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            723730                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8886357                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1081457                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           8992573                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            701364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1546                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1425                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1373                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1493                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1507                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1577                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1425                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1448                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1771                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1697                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1678                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1782                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1487                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1653                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1927                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103262998                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104092328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108726558                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103262994                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104092324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108726554                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103263000                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104092330                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108726560                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103262996                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104092326                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108726556                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696653                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103263005                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104092335                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108726565                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696649                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103263001                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104092331                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108726561                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103263017                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104092347                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108726577                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103263013                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104092343                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108726573                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11134969                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15203543                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11216778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14884885                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10754549                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15175117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11223330                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14861395                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10746018                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15151447                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11215243                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14842669                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10754197                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15149923                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11221594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14829272                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10751211                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15113488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11221338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14790951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10753149                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15106980                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11207499                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14792350                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10741667                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15404251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11229295                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15074799                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10771850                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15295345                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11226280                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14985059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10762209                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              673                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               98                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              711                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4023                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3097                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47479                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           10479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            2011                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1954                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             767                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            3764                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             719                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            1107                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            955                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           2021                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           2550                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1106                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           2441                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           2094                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            718                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1166                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           1672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1715                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles            724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           1121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           2636                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           1706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            714                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1030                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           2047                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           2250                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           2053                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1302                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           1697                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           1580                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216439     24.93%     75.10% |      216205     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219289     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216439     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868356                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154123     25.00%     50.03% |      154123     25.00%     75.03% |      153944     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216439     24.93%     75.10% |      216205     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154123     25.00%     50.03% |      154123     25.00%     75.03% |      153944     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216424     24.92%     50.18% |      216439     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4755754     77.39%     77.39% |          76      0.00%     77.39% |      181731      2.96%     80.35% |      172603      2.81%     83.16% |      172387      2.81%     85.97% |      172643      2.81%     88.78% |      172387      2.81%     91.58% |      172603      2.81%     94.39% |      172555      2.81%     97.20% |      172171      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6144910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4872283    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4872283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9788972     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        8001      0.08%     99.55% |        7489      0.08%     99.63% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        8001      0.08%     99.86% |        6977      0.07%     99.93% |        6977      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9858038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15737     73.07%     73.07% |          71      0.33%     73.40% |        2321     10.78%     84.18% |         492      2.28%     86.46% |         483      2.24%     88.71% |         489      2.27%     90.98% |         494      2.29%     93.27% |         504      2.34%     95.61% |         457      2.12%     97.73% |         488      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561695     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96180      7.90%     54.06% |       80105      6.58%     60.64% |       79859      6.56%     67.20% |       79864      6.56%     73.76% |       79864      6.56%     80.33% |       80093      6.58%     86.91% |       79708      6.55%     93.46% |       79646      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.69%     14.40% |         134     13.59%     27.99% |         134     13.59%     41.58% |         136     13.79%     55.38% |         140     14.20%     69.57% |         165     16.73%     86.31% |         135     13.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.47%      0.47% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          77      2.61%      3.18% |         412     13.96%     17.14% |         407     13.79%     30.93% |         414     14.02%     44.95% |         417     14.13%     59.08% |         426     14.43%     73.51% |         371     12.57%     86.08% |         411     13.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           3      4.00%     89.33% |           2      2.67%     92.00% |           4      5.33%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154473     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79919     10.01%     40.10% |       79726      9.99%     50.09% |       79732      9.99%     60.08% |       79723      9.99%     70.06% |       79915     10.01%     80.08% |       79523      9.96%     90.04% |       79533      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2273     77.00%     77.47% |          99      3.35%     80.83% |          90      3.05%     83.88% |          92      3.12%     86.99% |          94      3.18%     90.18% |         101      3.42%     93.60% |         101      3.42%     97.02% |          88      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411006     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8687      2.05%     99.04% |         608      0.14%     99.18% |         567      0.13%     99.32% |         564      0.13%     99.45% |         568      0.13%     99.59% |         600      0.14%     99.73% |         605      0.14%     99.87% |         550      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.43%     37.43% |          16      8.56%     45.99% |          16      8.56%     54.55% |          16      8.56%     63.10% |          16      8.56%     71.66% |          20     10.70%     82.35% |          18      9.63%     91.98% |          15      8.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          16      6.99%     58.08% |          16      6.99%     65.07% |          19      8.30%     73.36% |          22      9.61%     82.97% |          22      9.61%     92.58% |          17      7.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438207     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       79225      7.30%     56.33% |       78998      7.28%     63.61% |       78995      7.28%     70.89% |       78988      7.28%     78.17% |       79198      7.30%     85.47% |       78794      7.26%     92.74% |       78779      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153608     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88204     10.99%     30.14% |       80273     10.00%     40.14% |       80067      9.98%     50.12% |       80074      9.98%     60.10% |       80067      9.98%     70.08% |       80270     10.00%     80.08% |       79924      9.96%     90.05% |       79877      9.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286061     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8488      2.86%     99.27% |         344      0.12%     99.38% |         304      0.10%     99.49% |         302      0.10%     99.59% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         335      0.11%     99.81% |         296      0.10%     99.91% |         281      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11275     67.28%     67.28% |           0      0.00%     67.28% |        2295     13.69%     80.98% |         460      2.74%     83.72% |         453      2.70%     86.42% |         457      2.73%     89.15% |         466      2.78%     91.93% |         473      2.82%     94.75% |         424      2.53%     97.28% |         455      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1462     91.78%     91.78% |          38      2.39%     94.16% |          12      0.75%     94.92% |           9      0.56%     95.48% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.99% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          60     93.75%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      1.56%     95.31% |           1      1.56%     96.88% |           2      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         820     42.51%     42.51% |           0      0.00%     42.51% |          18      0.93%     43.44% |         155      8.04%     51.48% |         149      7.72%     59.20% |         151      7.83%     67.03% |         149      7.72%     74.75% |         155      8.04%     82.79% |         182      9.43%     92.22% |         150      7.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87722     12.33%     14.05% |       87330     12.28%     26.33% |       87279     12.27%     38.60% |       87203     12.26%     50.86% |       87342     12.28%     63.14% |       87335     12.28%     75.41% |       87561     12.31%     87.72% |       87339     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4747927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4747927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.55%     13.55% |           0      0.00%     13.55% |          16     10.32%     23.87% |          16     10.32%     34.19% |          16     10.32%     44.52% |          16     10.32%     54.84% |          16     10.32%     65.16% |          20     12.90%     78.06% |          18     11.61%     89.68% |          16     10.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2215     89.57%     89.57% |          14      0.57%     90.13% |          26      1.05%     91.18% |          32      1.29%     92.48% |          30      1.21%     93.69% |          32      1.29%     94.99% |          28      1.13%     96.12% |          31      1.25%     97.37% |          33      1.33%     98.71% |          32      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122551     94.13%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |        2569      1.97%     96.10% |         725      0.56%     96.66% |         712      0.55%     97.21% |         718      0.55%     97.76% |         727      0.56%     98.32% |         740      0.57%     98.89% |         732      0.56%     99.45% |         717      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596100     97.60%     97.60% |           0      0.00%     97.60% |        5569      0.34%     97.94% |        4766      0.29%     98.23% |        4805      0.29%     98.52% |        5129      0.31%     98.83% |        4742      0.29%     99.12% |        4761      0.29%     99.42% |        4833      0.30%     99.71% |        4719      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25202     50.73%     50.73% |           0      0.00%     50.73% |        3074      6.19%     56.92% |        3058      6.16%     63.07% |        3064      6.17%     69.24% |        3066      6.17%     75.41% |        3059      6.16%     81.57% |        3062      6.16%     87.73% |        3039      6.12%     93.85% |        3055      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1947     97.16%     97.16% |          57      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127205     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82417     11.08%     28.18% |       76529     10.29%     38.47% |       76335     10.26%     48.73% |       76335     10.26%     58.99% |       76329     10.26%     69.25% |       76509     10.29%     79.54% |       76066     10.23%     89.76% |       76148     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.48%      0.64% |          63     10.10%     10.74% |          80     12.82%     23.56% |          75     12.02%     35.58% |          79     12.66%     48.24% |          83     13.30%     61.54% |          92     14.74%     76.28% |          70     11.22%     87.50% |          78     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2991390     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         224      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2993186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9476138     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4583      0.05%     99.75% |        4105      0.04%     99.79% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4583      0.05%     99.92% |        3623      0.04%     99.96% |        3623      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9509930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311002     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2696      0.79%     95.30% |        2663      0.78%     96.08% |        2660      0.78%     96.86% |        2659      0.78%     97.64% |        2689      0.79%     98.43% |        2728      0.80%     99.23% |        2631      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      9.72%      9.72% |           9     12.50%     22.22% |           8     11.11%     33.33% |           8     11.11%     44.44% |          10     13.89%     58.33% |          14     19.44%     77.78% |           7      9.72%     87.50% |           9     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         332     14.26%     15.42% |         332     14.26%     29.68% |         335     14.39%     44.07% |         334     14.35%     58.42% |         334     14.35%     72.77% |         301     12.93%     85.70% |         333     14.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154473     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79919     10.01%     40.10% |       79726      9.99%     50.09% |       79732      9.99%     60.08% |       79723      9.99%     70.06% |       79915     10.01%     80.08% |       79523      9.96%     90.04% |       79533      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2273     77.00%     77.47% |          99      3.35%     80.83% |          90      3.05%     83.88% |          92      3.12%     86.99% |          94      3.18%     90.18% |         101      3.42%     93.60% |         101      3.42%     97.02% |          88      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124885     98.30%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |         263      0.21%     98.51% |         264      0.21%     98.71% |         263      0.21%     98.92% |         262      0.21%     99.13% |         262      0.21%     99.33% |         266      0.21%     99.54% |         312      0.25%     99.79% |         268      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           3      4.00%     89.33% |           2      2.67%     92.00% |           4      5.33%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286121     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         344      0.12%     99.39% |         304      0.10%     99.49% |         302      0.10%     99.59% |         306      0.10%     99.69% |         334      0.11%     99.81% |         293      0.10%     99.90% |         282      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.43%     37.43% |          16      8.56%     45.99% |          16      8.56%     54.55% |          16      8.56%     63.10% |          16      8.56%     71.66% |          20     10.70%     82.35% |          18      9.63%     91.98% |          15      8.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          16      6.99%     58.08% |          16      6.99%     65.07% |          19      8.30%     73.36% |          22      9.61%     82.97% |          22      9.61%     92.58% |          17      7.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         949    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438207     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       79225      7.30%     56.33% |       78998      7.28%     63.61% |       78995      7.28%     70.89% |       78988      7.28%     78.17% |       79198      7.30%     85.47% |       78794      7.26%     92.74% |       78779      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3269      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3561      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3096      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.90% |        3545      2.85%     69.75% |        3418      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5245      4.22%     92.33% |        5075      4.08%     96.41% |        4464      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64987      8.08%      8.08% |       24837      3.09%     11.17% |       23707      2.95%     14.12% |       24440      3.04%     17.16% |       23818      2.96%     20.12% |       23528      2.93%     23.05% |       23090      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24583      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24510      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23721      2.95%     58.59% |       23916      2.97%     61.57% |       23903      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24410      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26298      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8837      2.98%      7.93% |        9239      3.11%     11.05% |        8680      2.92%     13.97% |        9390      3.16%     17.14% |        8836      2.98%     20.11% |        8951      3.02%     23.13% |        8610      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76689      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32555      3.00%     16.10% |       32797      3.02%     19.13% |       31712      2.92%     22.05% |       31670      2.92%     24.97% |       31377      2.89%     27.86% |       33637      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.96% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33978      3.13%     54.89% |       31812      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9272      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6726      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19498      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19346      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19297      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19237      3.12%     21.92% |       19249      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19256      3.12%     37.55% |       19305      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19294      3.13%     56.30% |       19250      3.12%     59.42% |       19217      3.12%     62.54% |       19241      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19232      3.12%     71.90% |       19227      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19227      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19287      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616742                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29886      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27137      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27058      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27020      3.11%     22.14% |       27022      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27048      3.11%     37.72% |       27080      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27042      3.11%     59.53% |       26997      3.11%     62.64% |       27019      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27016      3.11%     71.98% |       27007      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27000      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.88% |       27051      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28862      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26113      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25996      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26018      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25995      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25983      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26027      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         236      8.98%      8.98% |          78      2.97%     11.95% |          84      3.20%     15.14% |          84      3.20%     18.34% |          95      3.61%     21.96% |          92      3.50%     25.46% |          72      2.74%     28.20% |          76      2.89%     31.09% |          80      3.04%     34.13% |          74      2.82%     36.95% |          78      2.97%     39.92% |          73      2.78%     42.69% |          78      2.97%     45.66% |          70      2.66%     48.33% |          72      2.74%     51.07% |          70      2.66%     53.73% |          71      2.70%     56.43% |          76      2.89%     59.32% |          77      2.93%     62.25% |          74      2.82%     65.07% |          71      2.70%     67.77% |          77      2.93%     70.70% |          74      2.82%     73.52% |          73      2.78%     76.29% |          74      2.82%     79.11% |          78      2.97%     82.08% |          78      2.97%     85.05% |          79      3.01%     88.05% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.06% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         604     96.79%     96.79% |           4      0.64%     97.44% |           3      0.48%     97.92% |           3      0.48%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           1      0.16%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           1      0.16%     98.72% |           3      0.48%     99.20% |           3      0.48%     99.68% |           2      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         513     18.23%     18.23% |          94      3.34%     21.57% |          90      3.20%     24.77% |          90      3.20%     27.97% |          69      2.45%     30.42% |          69      2.45%     32.87% |          69      2.45%     35.32% |          69      2.45%     37.78% |          69      2.45%     40.23% |          69      2.45%     42.68% |          69      2.45%     45.13% |          69      2.45%     47.58% |          72      2.56%     50.14% |          69      2.45%     52.59% |          70      2.49%     55.08% |          69      2.45%     57.53% |          69      2.45%     59.99% |          97      3.45%     63.43% |          98      3.48%     66.92% |          98      3.48%     70.40% |          69      2.45%     72.85% |          69      2.45%     75.30% |          71      2.52%     77.83% |          69      2.45%     80.28% |          69      2.45%     82.73% |          70      2.49%     85.22% |          69      2.45%     87.67% |          69      2.45%     90.12% |          71      2.52%     92.64% |          69      2.45%     95.10% |          69      2.45%     97.55% |          69      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2814                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1069      5.89%      5.89% |         529      2.91%      8.80% |         546      3.01%     11.81% |         528      2.91%     14.71% |         543      2.99%     17.70% |         534      2.94%     20.64% |         525      2.89%     23.54% |         539      2.97%     26.50% |         549      3.02%     29.53% |         539      2.97%     32.49% |         579      3.19%     35.68% |         559      3.08%     38.76% |         587      3.23%     41.99% |         580      3.19%     45.19% |         563      3.10%     48.29% |         562      3.09%     51.38% |         574      3.16%     54.54% |         584      3.22%     57.76% |         547      3.01%     60.77% |         526      2.90%     63.67% |         536      2.95%     66.62% |         545      3.00%     69.62% |         532      2.93%     72.55% |         538      2.96%     75.51% |         566      3.12%     78.63% |         564      3.11%     81.73% |         557      3.07%     84.80% |         543      2.99%     87.79% |         536      2.95%     90.74% |         555      3.06%     93.80% |         544      3.00%     96.80% |         582      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         780     26.42%     26.42% |          75      2.54%     28.96% |          72      2.44%     31.40% |          72      2.44%     33.84% |          69      2.34%     36.18% |          69      2.34%     38.52% |          69      2.34%     40.85% |          69      2.34%     43.19% |          69      2.34%     45.53% |          69      2.34%     47.87% |          69      2.34%     50.20% |          69      2.34%     52.54% |          73      2.47%     55.01% |          69      2.34%     57.35% |          70      2.37%     59.72% |          69      2.34%     62.06% |          70      2.37%     64.43% |          72      2.44%     66.87% |          73      2.47%     69.34% |          72      2.44%     71.78% |          69      2.34%     74.12% |          69      2.34%     76.46% |          71      2.41%     78.86% |          69      2.34%     81.20% |          69      2.34%     83.54% |          70      2.37%     85.91% |          69      2.34%     88.25% |          69      2.34%     90.58% |          71      2.41%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77847      7.11%      7.11% |       33393      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32858      3.00%     16.14% |       33106      3.02%     19.16% |       32032      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31673      2.89%     27.90% |       33956      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33124      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34274      3.13%     54.92% |       32114      2.93%     57.85% |       32975      3.01%     60.86% |       32543      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35576      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         397      2.93%     18.12% |         400      2.95%     21.08% |         417      3.08%     24.16% |         407      3.01%     27.16% |         414      3.06%     30.22% |         430      3.18%     33.40% |         428      3.16%     36.56% |         460      3.40%     39.96% |         449      3.32%     43.27% |         431      3.18%     46.45% |         439      3.24%     49.70% |         444      3.28%     52.98% |         450      3.32%     56.30% |         422      3.12%     59.42% |         397      2.93%     62.35% |         405      2.99%     65.34% |         425      3.14%     68.48% |         407      3.01%     71.48% |         414      3.06%     74.54% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         422      3.12%     87.47% |         415      3.06%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         416      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20784      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.01% |       20684      3.11%     19.12% |       20680      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20663      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664588                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6008      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1208     44.20%     44.20% |         199      7.28%     51.48% |         176      6.44%     57.92% |         182      6.66%     64.58% |          14      0.51%     65.09% |         248      9.07%     74.17% |          14      0.51%     74.68% |           5      0.18%     74.86% |           3      0.11%     74.97% |           1      0.04%     75.01% |          16      0.59%     75.59% |           4      0.15%     75.74% |           1      0.04%     75.78% |           1      0.04%     75.81% |          39      1.43%     77.24% |          16      0.59%     77.83% |           9      0.33%     78.16% |         160      5.85%     84.01% |         213      7.79%     91.80% |         164      6.00%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.76% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          78     72.22%     72.22% |           6      5.56%     77.78% |           2      1.85%     79.63% |           5      4.63%     84.26% |           0      0.00%     84.26% |           1      0.93%     85.19% |           1      0.93%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           1      0.93%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           5      4.63%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      2.78%     94.44% |           1      0.93%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           1      0.93%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      0.93%     97.22% |           1      0.93%     98.15% |           2      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         135     87.66%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           1      0.65%     88.31% |           1      0.65%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           2      1.30%     90.26% |           1      0.65%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           7      4.55%     95.45% |           1      0.65%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           1      0.65%     96.75% |           0      0.00%     96.75% |           2      1.30%     98.05% |           1      0.65%     98.70% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         895      6.42%      6.42% |         387      2.78%      9.20% |         411      2.95%     12.15% |         402      2.88%     15.03% |         421      3.02%     18.05% |         399      2.86%     20.91% |         401      2.88%     23.79% |         415      2.98%     26.77% |         403      2.89%     29.66% |         410      2.94%     32.60% |         430      3.08%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.26%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.11%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.58% |         450      3.23%     57.81% |         424      3.04%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         422      3.03%     69.63% |         402      2.88%     72.52% |         409      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.59% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.11%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         414      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39554     29.58%     29.58% |        3808      2.85%     32.43% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.02% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.18% |        2327      1.74%     42.92% |        2385      1.78%     44.70% |        3814      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.88% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.68% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4392      3.28%     66.32% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.07% |        2887      2.16%     77.23% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3652      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.75% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5517      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8541      8.10%      8.10% |        2869      2.72%     10.82% |        3267      3.10%     13.91% |        2696      2.56%     16.47% |        3398      3.22%     19.69% |        2856      2.71%     22.40% |        2981      2.83%     25.22% |        2654      2.52%     27.74% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.84% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.33% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.91% |        3365      3.19%     59.10% |        2910      2.76%     61.86% |        3460      3.28%     65.14% |        2957      2.80%     67.94% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105489                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9226      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.71% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.07% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6654      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18471      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.11% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18775      3.13%     65.63% |       18750      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18783      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         780     26.42%     26.42% |          75      2.54%     28.96% |          72      2.44%     31.40% |          72      2.44%     33.84% |          69      2.34%     36.18% |          69      2.34%     38.52% |          69      2.34%     40.85% |          69      2.34%     43.19% |          69      2.34%     45.53% |          69      2.34%     47.87% |          69      2.34%     50.20% |          69      2.34%     52.54% |          73      2.47%     55.01% |          69      2.34%     57.35% |          70      2.37%     59.72% |          69      2.34%     62.06% |          70      2.37%     64.43% |          72      2.44%     66.87% |          73      2.47%     69.34% |          72      2.44%     71.78% |          69      2.34%     74.12% |          69      2.34%     76.46% |          71      2.41%     78.86% |          69      2.34%     81.20% |          69      2.34%     83.54% |          70      2.37%     85.91% |          69      2.34%     88.25% |          69      2.34%     90.58% |          71      2.41%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          87      8.82%      8.82% |          29      2.94%     11.76% |          29      2.94%     14.71% |          29      2.94%     17.65% |          29      2.94%     20.59% |          29      2.94%     23.53% |          29      2.94%     26.47% |          29      2.94%     29.41% |          29      2.94%     32.35% |          29      2.94%     35.29% |          29      2.94%     38.24% |          29      2.94%     41.18% |          29      2.94%     44.12% |          29      2.94%     47.06% |          29      2.94%     50.00% |          29      2.94%     52.94% |          29      2.94%     55.88% |          29      2.94%     58.82% |          29      2.94%     61.76% |          29      2.94%     64.71% |          29      2.94%     67.65% |          29      2.94%     70.59% |          29      2.94%     73.53% |          29      2.94%     76.47% |          29      2.94%     79.41% |          29      2.94%     82.35% |          29      2.94%     85.29% |          29      2.94%     88.24% |          29      2.94%     91.18% |          29      2.94%     94.12% |          29      2.94%     97.06% |          29      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76689      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.10% |       32555      3.00%     16.10% |       32797      3.02%     19.13% |       31712      2.92%     22.05% |       31670      2.92%     24.97% |       31377      2.89%     27.86% |       33637      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.96% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33978      3.13%     54.89% |       31812      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         132      6.22%      6.22% |          71      3.35%      9.57% |          75      3.54%     13.11% |          67      3.16%     16.27% |          76      3.58%     19.85% |          81      3.82%     23.67% |          53      2.50%     26.17% |          59      2.78%     28.95% |          84      3.96%     32.91% |          63      2.97%     35.88% |          86      4.05%     39.93% |          63      2.97%     42.90% |          61      2.88%     45.78% |          64      3.02%     48.80% |          63      2.97%     51.77% |          54      2.55%     54.31% |          62      2.92%     57.24% |          69      3.25%     60.49% |          57      2.69%     63.18% |          57      2.69%     65.87% |          63      2.97%     68.84% |          57      2.69%     71.52% |          58      2.73%     74.26% |          57      2.69%     76.94% |          58      2.73%     79.68% |          60      2.83%     82.51% |          52      2.45%     84.96% |          59      2.78%     87.74% |          54      2.55%     90.29% |          56      2.64%     92.93% |          60      2.83%     95.76% |          90      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     27.59%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           0      0.00%     27.59% |           8     27.59%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |          13     44.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           8     72.73%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28862      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26113      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25996      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26056      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26018      3.11%     59.54% |       25973      3.11%     62.65% |       25995      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25983      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25976      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26027      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     81.25%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.94%      1.94% |           5      2.43%      4.37% |          12      5.83%     10.19% |          14      6.80%     16.99% |          25     12.14%     29.13% |          22     10.68%     39.81% |           1      0.49%     40.29% |           7      3.40%     43.69% |          10      4.85%     48.54% |           5      2.43%     50.97% |           8      3.88%     54.85% |           3      1.46%     56.31% |           4      1.94%     58.25% |           1      0.49%     58.74% |           2      0.97%     59.71% |           1      0.49%     60.19% |           2      0.97%     61.17% |           7      3.40%     64.56% |           6      2.91%     67.48% |           4      1.94%     69.42% |           2      0.97%     70.39% |           6      2.91%     73.30% |           2      0.97%     74.27% |           2      0.97%     75.24% |           4      1.94%     77.18% |           7      3.40%     80.58% |           7      3.40%     83.98% |           8      3.88%     87.86% |           6      2.91%     90.78% |           6      2.91%     93.69% |          11      5.34%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         128      6.68%      6.68% |          66      3.45%     10.13% |          63      3.29%     13.42% |          53      2.77%     16.19% |          51      2.66%     18.85% |          59      3.08%     21.93% |          52      2.72%     24.65% |          52      2.72%     27.36% |          74      3.86%     31.23% |          58      3.03%     34.26% |          78      4.07%     38.33% |          60      3.13%     41.46% |          57      2.98%     44.44% |          63      3.29%     47.73% |          61      3.19%     50.91% |          53      2.77%     53.68% |          60      3.13%     56.81% |          62      3.24%     60.05% |          51      2.66%     62.72% |          53      2.77%     65.48% |          61      3.19%     68.67% |          51      2.66%     71.33% |          56      2.92%     74.26% |          55      2.87%     77.13% |          54      2.82%     79.95% |          53      2.77%     82.72% |          45      2.35%     85.07% |          51      2.66%     87.73% |          48      2.51%     90.23% |          50      2.61%     92.85% |          49      2.56%     95.40% |          88      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         464     78.38%     78.38% |          23      3.89%     82.26% |          21      3.55%     85.81% |          21      3.55%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |          21      3.55%     92.91% |          21      3.55%     96.45% |          21      3.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         895      6.42%      6.42% |         387      2.78%      9.20% |         411      2.95%     12.15% |         402      2.88%     15.03% |         421      3.02%     18.05% |         399      2.86%     20.91% |         401      2.88%     23.79% |         415      2.98%     26.77% |         403      2.89%     29.66% |         410      2.94%     32.60% |         430      3.08%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.26%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.11%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.58% |         450      3.23%     57.81% |         424      3.04%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         422      3.03%     69.63% |         402      2.88%     72.52% |         409      2.93%     75.45% |         438      3.14%     78.59% |         439      3.15%     81.74% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.11%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         414      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.01% |       20684      3.11%     19.12% |       20680      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         434      3.20%      3.20% |         386      2.85%      6.05% |         413      3.05%      9.10% |         404      2.98%     12.09% |         422      3.12%     15.20% |         397      2.93%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.17% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         430      3.17%     33.40% |         428      3.16%     36.56% |         460      3.40%     39.96% |         449      3.32%     43.27% |         431      3.18%     46.46% |         439      3.24%     49.70% |         444      3.28%     52.98% |         451      3.33%     56.31% |         423      3.12%     59.43% |         398      2.94%     62.37% |         405      2.99%     65.36% |         425      3.14%     68.50% |         407      3.01%     71.50% |         414      3.06%     74.56% |         441      3.26%     77.81% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         421      3.11%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         416      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6008      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         213     81.30%     81.30% |           6      2.29%     83.59% |           3      1.15%     84.73% |           6      2.29%     87.02% |           0      0.00%     87.02% |           1      0.38%     87.40% |           1      0.38%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           1      0.38%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           5      1.91%     90.08% |           0      0.00%     90.08% |           2      0.76%     90.84% |           1      0.38%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |          10      3.82%     95.04% |           2      0.76%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           1      0.38%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           2      0.76%     96.95% |           1      0.38%     97.33% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77634      7.09%      7.09% |       33387      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.12% |       32852      3.00%     16.12% |       33106      3.02%     19.15% |       32031      2.93%     22.07% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31673      2.89%     27.88% |       33956      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33124      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.08% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34274      3.13%     54.91% |       32114      2.93%     57.84% |       32965      3.01%     60.85% |       32541      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.74% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35575      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           5     33.33%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           4     26.67%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         176      7.60%      7.60% |          70      3.02%     10.62% |          69      2.98%     13.60% |          64      2.76%     16.36% |          69      2.98%     19.34% |          69      2.98%     22.32% |          69      2.98%     25.30% |          69      2.98%     28.28% |          69      2.98%     31.26% |          69      2.98%     34.24% |          68      2.94%     37.18% |          67      2.89%     40.07% |          73      3.15%     43.22% |          69      2.98%     46.20% |          69      2.98%     49.18% |          69      2.98%     52.16% |          69      2.98%     55.14% |          69      2.98%     58.12% |          70      3.02%     61.14% |          68      2.94%     64.08% |          69      2.98%     67.06% |          69      2.98%     70.03% |          71      3.07%     73.10% |          69      2.98%     76.08% |          69      2.98%     79.06% |          69      2.98%     82.04% |          69      2.98%     85.02% |          69      2.98%     88.00% |          71      3.07%     91.06% |          69      2.98%     94.04% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         604     96.79%     96.79% |           4      0.64%     97.44% |           3      0.48%     97.92% |           3      0.48%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           1      0.16%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           1      0.16%     98.72% |           3      0.48%     99.20% |           3      0.48%     99.68% |           2      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           5     41.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           2     16.67%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           5     41.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           2     16.67%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         780     26.53%     26.53% |          74      2.52%     29.05% |          72      2.45%     31.50% |          67      2.28%     33.78% |          69      2.35%     36.12% |          69      2.35%     38.47% |          69      2.35%     40.82% |          69      2.35%     43.16% |          69      2.35%     45.51% |          69      2.35%     47.86% |          68      2.31%     50.17% |          67      2.28%     52.45% |          73      2.48%     54.93% |          69      2.35%     57.28% |          70      2.38%     59.66% |          69      2.35%     62.01% |          70      2.38%     64.39% |          72      2.45%     66.84% |          73      2.48%     69.32% |          70      2.38%     71.70% |          69      2.35%     74.05% |          69      2.35%     76.39% |          71      2.41%     78.81% |          69      2.35%     81.16% |          69      2.35%     83.50% |          69      2.35%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.20% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.41%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2940                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76263      4.27%      4.27% |      892051     50.00%     54.27% |      108002      6.05%     60.33% |      103497      5.80%     66.13% |      101388      5.68%     71.81% |      102736      5.76%     77.57% |      101314      5.68%     83.25% |      103450      5.80%     89.05% |       97334      5.46%     94.50% |       98067      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1784102                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76263      4.27%      4.27% |      892051     50.00%     54.27% |      108002      6.05%     60.33% |      103497      5.80%     66.13% |      101388      5.68%     71.81% |      102736      5.76%     77.57% |      101314      5.68%     83.25% |      103450      5.80%     89.05% |       97334      5.46%     94.50% |       98067      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1784102                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76263      4.27%      4.27% |      892051     50.00%     54.27% |      108002      6.05%     60.33% |      103497      5.80%     66.13% |      101388      5.68%     71.81% |      102736      5.76%     77.57% |      101314      5.68%     83.25% |      103450      5.80%     89.05% |       97334      5.46%     94.50% |       98067      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1784102                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76263      4.27%      4.27% |      892051     50.00%     54.27% |      108002      6.05%     60.33% |      103497      5.80%     66.13% |      101388      5.68%     71.81% |      102736      5.76%     77.57% |      101314      5.68%     83.25% |      103450      5.80%     89.05% |       97334      5.46%     94.50% |       98067      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1784102                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
