
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.039099                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39098809000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5215266887500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    89105                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107096814                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3220708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   365.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18515639                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32530279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    119920993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            119920993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73202844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73202844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    193123837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           193123837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      812                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  39098296500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  48964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   3268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   8005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   8306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   1236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.389115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.447403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   231.746565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12649     38.94%     38.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7115     21.90%     60.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8273     25.47%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1116      3.44%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          782      2.41%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          552      1.70%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          400      1.23%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          417      1.28%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1180      3.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.021929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.443291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         8109     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         8117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.509301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.334281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.897657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7645     94.19%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           193      2.38%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          141      1.74%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          138      1.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         8117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2099230621                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3472630621                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28659.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47409.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      119.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   119.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56088                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    331389.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10430042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1305460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27359878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              127053360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118480320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69324750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64647000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146791440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14303722500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13935029400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10909887750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11233302750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28400185560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28329139110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.439957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.622681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    116737264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            116737264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70248278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70248278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    186985542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           186985542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      984                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  39098044500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  47884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   4721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   3176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   8140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   8250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   8337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.127834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.641566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.319574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9260     32.45%     32.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6417     22.49%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8247     28.90%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1232      4.32%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          806      2.82%     90.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          510      1.79%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          452      1.58%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          429      1.50%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1184      4.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.154874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.902756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7778     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.09%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.511237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.330987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.926860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7307     93.84%     93.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           198      2.54%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          126      1.62%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          156      2.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1979218372                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3316112122                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27758.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46508.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      116.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   116.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    342265.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10618453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1305460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27171122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112530600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103178880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61400625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56298000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282750000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273265200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141199200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14167883520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13495529475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        11029044750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11618829000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28348288455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28237444395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.112496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.277249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    116797829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            116797829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70287563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70287563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    187085392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           187085392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      960                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  39098284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  48497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   4775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   3197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   8135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   8277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.780638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.914088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.846575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9264     32.40%     32.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6365     22.26%     54.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8416     29.43%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1185      4.14%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          774      2.71%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          601      2.10%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          412      1.44%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          381      1.33%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1194      4.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.134477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.954254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7802     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.499360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.322875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.908164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7353     94.17%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           187      2.39%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          118      1.51%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          150      1.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1964097138                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3301684638                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    27532.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               46282.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      116.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   116.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29975                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    342085.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523933250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1305460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27265845750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112938840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103201560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61623375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56310375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273210600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141205680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14226509160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13573879110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10977618750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11550101250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28356507765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28247221695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.322736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.527340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    116334592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            116334592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70171345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70171345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    186505937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           186505937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1260                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  39098066500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  47251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   5881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   4539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   3302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   8103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   8156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   8269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.526572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.437847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.601854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8920     31.75%     31.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6292     22.40%     54.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8290     29.51%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1205      4.29%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          784      2.79%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          544      1.94%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          437      1.56%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          409      1.46%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1212      4.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.156681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.075294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7754     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.523711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.336019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.970188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7272     93.71%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           206      2.65%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          117      1.51%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          165      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2050636381                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3383105131                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    28855.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               47605.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      116.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   116.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55654                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30178                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    343143.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10541866500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1305460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27247708500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110587680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              101780280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60340500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55534875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272711400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140868720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2553479760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14029493220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13413271635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11150439750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11690985000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28326672630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28224652950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.559592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.950060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3310204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.953838                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.479042                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.760828                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3302397     99.76%     99.76% |        7793      0.24%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3310204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     12144373                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.956946                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.698495                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.232608                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     5052983     41.61%     41.61% |     6127798     50.46%     92.07% |      804430      6.62%     98.69% |       88205      0.73%     99.42% |       26914      0.22%     99.64% |       20119      0.17%     99.80% |       14349      0.12%     99.92% |        7799      0.06%     99.99% |        1307      0.01%    100.00% |         469      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      12144373                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            12144370                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              10.989899                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.620634                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             47.851565                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    12065496     99.35%     99.35% |       57418      0.47%     99.82% |       14159      0.12%     99.94% |        5383      0.04%     99.98% |        1434      0.01%    100.00% |         307      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              12144370                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11522428                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000441                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000380                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020993                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11517351     99.96%     99.96% |        5076      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11522428                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621942                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        159.006841                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       117.680362                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       147.036533                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      543068     87.32%     87.32% |       57418      9.23%     96.55% |       14159      2.28%     98.83% |        5383      0.87%     99.69% |        1434      0.23%     99.92% |         307      0.05%     99.97% |         166      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621942                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62605                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62605                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8037814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8416629                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3434730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3555932                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107899                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55082                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1428066                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43352                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        13156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        45303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3265                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        31666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         3007                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        42783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         2964                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        39085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         2779                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67245                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           62                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5929522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5929522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6011036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5929522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2571501                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2569778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5929522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075827                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2166601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2166601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2190691                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2166601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1134150                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1130205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2166601                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027707                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1688112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1688112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1724890                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1688112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       692422                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       682424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1688112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.021588                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1364805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1364805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1395850                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1364805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597201                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593913                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1364805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.017453                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1785306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1785306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1815435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1785306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       906381                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       896054                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1785306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.022831                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1833112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1833112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1861611                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1833112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       935442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       926920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1833112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.023442                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2059191                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2059191                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075448                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2059191                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       701777                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       701483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2059191                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.026333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1084427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1084427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1091001                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1084427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       400507                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       400363                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1084427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.013868                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       635926                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       635926                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       638449                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       635926                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       282344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       282246                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       635926                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       915781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       915781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity       918628                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity       915781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       455669                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       455541                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       915781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.011711                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       653574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       653574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       657390                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       653574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       270214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       270122                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       653574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.008358                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       676804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       676804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       679109                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       676804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275860                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       676804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008655                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1000919                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1000919                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1004012                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1000919                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       483488                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       483367                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1000919                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       680704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       680704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       683148                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       680704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       269241                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       269160                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       680704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008705                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       380337                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       380337                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       381918                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       380337                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       149875                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       149797                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       380337                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.004864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       605286                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       605286                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       608481                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       605286                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       239189                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       239062                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       605286                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007740                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1016019                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1016019                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1026152                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1016019                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366576                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       366383                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1016019                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.012993                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       689928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       689928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       696673                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       689928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       260806                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       260684                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       689928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008823                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       663402                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       663402                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       669254                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       663402                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263793                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       263666                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       663402                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008484                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403725                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403725                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       404794                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403725                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159353                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159309                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403725                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005163                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       394474                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       394474                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       394767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       394474                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       196490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       196486                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       394474                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005045                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       526070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       526070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       526496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       526070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       264823                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       264794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       526070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006727                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       402777                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       402777                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       403647                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       402777                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       183207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       183205                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       402777                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005151                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262297                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262297                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262297                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262297                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109437                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109437                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262297                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003354                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       338907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       338907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       339245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       338907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       144592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       144587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       338907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004334                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       477428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       477428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       477903                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       477428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       235441                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       235396                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       477428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006105                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       382082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       382082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       382957                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       382082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       167399                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       167398                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       382082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004886                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       262005                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       262005                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262005                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262005                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       108013                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       108013                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       262005                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003351                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1411278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1411278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1433164                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1411278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       585009                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       584562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1411278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1439356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1439356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1457761                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1439356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       590205                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       589852                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1439356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018407                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1427540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1427540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1447321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1427540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       561438                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       561028                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1427540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1487493                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1487493                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1507335                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1487493                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       593663                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593169                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1487493                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019022                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2608424     27.89%     27.89% |     6215127     66.46%     94.35% |      528597      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9352148                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2608424     27.89%     27.89% |     6215127     66.46%     94.35% |      528597      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9352148                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    75651622                       |   145016169                       |    11149867                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    10438958                       |    28855936                       |      528605                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.002809                       |   23.332776                       |   21.093323                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.002017                       |    4.642855                       |    1.000015                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.787638                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.258220                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.045857                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001843                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.039942      7.04%      7.04% |    0.039275      6.92%     13.95% |    0.039778      7.01%     20.96% |    0.039179      6.90%     27.86% |    0.093661     16.50%     44.36% |    0.094971     16.73%     61.08% |    0.093601     16.49%     77.57% |    0.094961     16.73%     94.29% |    0.008093      1.43%     95.72% |    0.008101      1.43%     97.15% |    0.008099      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008098      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.567758                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014005                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028642                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001640                       |    0.001629                       |    0.001554                       |    0.001417                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005506                       |    0.001884                       |    0.001654                       |    0.001813                       |    0.001701                       |    0.001708                       |    0.001632                       |    0.001652                       |    0.001681                       |    0.001755                       |    0.001893                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001761                       |    0.001741                       |    0.001620                       |    0.001647                       |    0.001819                       |    0.001699                       |    0.001705                       |    0.001757                       |    0.001790                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001722                       |    0.001746                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001674                       |    0.001742                       |    0.001900                       |    0.001853                       |    0.002025                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005599                       |    0.005446                       |    0.005449                       |    0.005427                       |    0.000307                       |           0                       |    0.000189                       |    0.001002                       |    0.000208                       |    0.000208                       |    0.000205                       |    0.000194                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001708                       |    0.000311                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002097                       |    0.000929                       |           0                       |    0.001586                       |           0                       |    0.001842                       |    0.003779                       |    0.000925                       |           0                       |    0.001802                       |    0.003836                       |           0                       |    0.003522                       |    0.006811                       |    0.002076                       |    0.002467                       |    0.001561                       |    0.000208                       |    0.003775                       |    0.002991                       |    0.010586                       |    0.002433                       |    0.001701                       |    0.000208                       |    0.007750                       |    0.003350                       |    0.002012                       |           0                       |    0.001695                       |    0.003693                       |           0                       |    0.007167                       |    0.003373                       |    0.002478                       |           0                       |    0.001715                       |           0                       |    0.003651                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001597                       |           0                       |    0.001654                       |           0                       |    0.001746                       |    0.000933                       |           0                       |    0.001785                       |           0                       |    0.001105                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001933                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000831                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003659                       |    0.001901                       |    0.002331                       |    0.001596                       |    0.000205                       |    0.002995                       |    0.007127                       |    0.005967                       |    0.002611                       |    0.036963                       |    0.004576                       |    0.000189                       |    0.003525                       |    0.012113                       |    0.015678                       |    0.002784                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001002                       |    0.003646                       |    0.006609                       |    0.012217                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002130                       |    0.001577                       |    0.000194                       |    0.004107                       |    0.005249                       |    0.007053                       |    0.003132                       |           0                       |    0.001625                       |           0                       |    0.001631                       |    0.003478                       |    0.003455                       |    0.002610                       |           0                       |    0.001620                       |           0                       |    0.000896                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001872                       |           0                       |    0.001637                       |           0                       |    0.000153                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001633                       |           0                       |    0.001725                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001490                       |    0.003621                       |    0.001522                       |           0                       |    0.001876                       |    0.003695                       |           0                       |    0.001522                       |    0.002836                       |    0.006787                       |    0.001539                       |           0                       |    0.001530                       |           0                       |    0.018330                       |    0.002670                       |    0.001879                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.001579                       |           0                       |    0.001881                       |    0.006741                       |    0.002098                       |    0.001568                       |           0                       |    0.001895                       |    0.003685                       |           0                       |    0.001950                       |    0.007219                       |    0.002680                       |    0.001594                       |           0                       |    0.001614                       |           0                       |    0.000671                       |    0.003415                       |    0.001340                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |    0.001609                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001722                       |           0                       |    0.001522                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003342                       |           0                       |    0.001539                       |           0                       |    0.001880                       |           0                       |    0.004321                       |           0                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.008389                       |    0.001212                       |    0.001468                       |           0                       |    0.001568                       |           0                       |    0.000639                       |    0.004929                       |    0.001687                       |           0                       |    0.001594                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |    0.004087                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003499                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001609                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001742                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.567758                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4109191                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4109191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2688239                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2132192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.315567                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          290539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8826397                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5087799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8874572                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5132209                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13914196                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              14006781                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3562848                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3572291                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3562848                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3572291                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74664364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13589472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24460940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4109191                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2422731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56363940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310991                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3562195                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     71099605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.625393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62919321     88.49%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1032656      1.45%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           648522      0.91%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           740983      1.04%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           625429      0.88%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           682613      0.96%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           624348      0.88%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           354214      0.50%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3471519      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     71099605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.055036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.327612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8420933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      56187874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4135797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2064507                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41866498                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9320620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30611655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5218648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19875966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40840884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1630540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46981740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      98953552                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     62013777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      37109603                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9872129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          14026035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4530691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5293389                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       455865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       303629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39805278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       204724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          42122182                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168665                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     71099605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.592439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     55026417     77.39%     77.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5927148      8.34%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3064733      4.31%     90.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2734376      3.85%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1923952      2.71%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1064607      1.50%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861504      1.21%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300371      0.42%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196497      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     71099605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92710     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631280     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27744709     65.87%     66.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.12%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8965199     21.28%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5161088     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       42122182                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.564154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.018948                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    156310719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     47278434                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36631494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42746168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       612574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2520                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7110                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431744                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5132199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4347234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24817711                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     40010002                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4530691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5293389                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       195861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          91020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7110                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41712052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8821565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13915076                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3032823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5093511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.558661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36698032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36631514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20830889                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33862607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.490616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.615159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       150248                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69933338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.465161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57950950     82.87%     82.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4282960      6.12%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3533396      5.05%     94.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1426597      2.04%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       796755      1.14%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260534      0.37%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335621      0.48%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       991273      1.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69933338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18515638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32530276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8259138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3397493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2699600                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          32246013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       216854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     24114844     74.13%     74.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3397493     10.44%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4861645     14.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32530276                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        991273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            108857643                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            81125909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3564759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18515638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32530276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.032503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.032503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.247985                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.247985                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         64296962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        28267935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15427148                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13133862                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20539457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                777994000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            777993999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-6.71089e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1605623                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.490040                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.503783                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       20.209015                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1597816     99.51%     99.51% |        7793      0.49%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1605623                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1675689                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.623368                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.598892                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.297435                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      286381     17.09%     17.09% |      939308     56.06%     73.15% |      442297     26.39%     99.54% |        7092      0.42%     99.96% |         451      0.03%     99.99% |         134      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1675689                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         28892                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.172297                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.045733                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.653513                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         452      1.56%      1.56% |        5599     19.38%     20.94% |       12971     44.89%     65.84% |        7576     26.22%     92.06% |        2257      7.81%     99.87% |          36      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           28892                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3566440                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           16.764371                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.965459                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          71.717223                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3508640     98.38%     98.38% |       39543      1.11%     99.49% |       11369      0.32%     99.81% |        5044      0.14%     99.95% |        1379      0.04%     99.99% |         294      0.01%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3566440                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3299755                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000922                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000795                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030344                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3296714     99.91%     99.91% |        3041      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3299755                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.062707                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    124.784272                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    193.489104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      208885     78.33%     78.33% |       39543     14.83%     93.15% |       11369      4.26%     97.42% |        5044      1.89%     99.31% |        1379      0.52%     99.83% |         294      0.11%     99.94% |         164      0.06%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266685                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4884319                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           10.631326                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.583005                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          40.487125                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4865682     99.62%     99.62% |       15656      0.32%     99.94% |        2590      0.05%     99.99% |         321      0.01%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4884319                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4659984                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000418                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000361                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020447                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4658038     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4659984                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224335                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     169.143870                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    142.975669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     96.714719                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      205698     91.69%     91.69% |       15656      6.98%     98.67% |        2590      1.15%     99.83% |         321      0.14%     99.97% |          55      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3555930                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.752796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.347093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.764729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3543463     99.65%     99.65% |       10384      0.29%     99.94% |        1830      0.05%     99.99% |          53      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3555930                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3434730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3434726    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3434730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.765239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.490316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.391239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108733     89.71%     89.71% |       10384      8.57%     98.28% |        1830      1.51%     99.79% |          53      0.04%     99.83% |          92      0.08%     99.91% |          93      0.08%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433014                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134836     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126610     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         7119                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       170647                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7625                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    40740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    40549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    38697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   4620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   4139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   4143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     6129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     5956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     5563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                45360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                44688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                42840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  281469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  251740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  271511                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  242648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   38880                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   38304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   36720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   33552                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6480                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   6384                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   6120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   5592                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                34941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                34769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                33209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                30083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3535                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3511                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3469                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                5780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                5488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                4968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               604                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               632                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               624                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      270                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      266                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      255                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      233                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                1433693                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                1441529                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1433400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1439370                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   12960                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                   12768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                   12240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                   11184                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1301528                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1318245                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1309359                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1329418                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             280800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             276640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             265200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             242320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               904113                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               859225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               873284                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               788239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1301528                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1318245                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1309359                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1329418                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        280800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        276640                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        265200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        242320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          865886                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          831063                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          839181                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          764765                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            1413948                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            1421479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1412601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1418939                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              1608                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4429                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3271                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              5726                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           570585                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           496079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           696089                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           667907                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1989                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1890                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             12194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             12184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             12073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3420754     95.87%     95.87% |          10      0.00%     95.87% |       38890      1.09%     96.96% |       38316      1.07%     98.03% |       36732      1.03%     99.06% |       33565      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3568267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3555992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3555992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5000582     99.52%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |        6423      0.13%     99.64% |        6326      0.13%     99.77% |        6063      0.12%     99.89% |        5533      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5024927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13038     59.45%     59.45% |          10      0.05%     59.49% |        2345     10.69%     70.19% |        2291     10.45%     80.63% |        2161      9.85%     90.48% |        2087      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499123     80.62%     80.62% |           0      0.00%     80.62% |       31664      5.11%     85.73% |       31188      5.04%     90.77% |       29889      4.83%     95.60% |       27267      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       619131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         261     25.64%     25.64% |         281     27.60%     53.24% |         252     24.75%     78.00% |         224     22.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |        1525     25.66%     25.75% |        1601     26.94%     52.69% |        1488     25.04%     77.73% |        1323     22.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161483     62.18%     62.18% |           5      0.00%     62.18% |       25856      9.96%     72.14% |       25576      9.85%     81.99% |       24460      9.42%     91.40% |       22326      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |        1600     26.93%     27.01% |        1468     24.71%     51.72% |        1479     24.89%     76.61% |        1390     23.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         5942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338514     95.01%     95.01% |           0      0.00%     95.01% |        4691      1.32%     96.33% |        4622      1.30%     97.63% |        4425      1.24%     98.87% |        4024      1.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       356276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377362     77.97%     77.97% |           0      0.00%     77.97% |       28057      5.80%     83.77% |       27725      5.73%     89.50% |       26573      5.49%     94.99% |       24257      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       483974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162001     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       27557     10.34%     71.13% |       27145     10.18%     81.31% |       26029      9.77%     91.08% |       23780      8.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        4590      1.96%     94.52% |        4521      1.93%     96.46% |        4335      1.85%     98.31% |        3960      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.66%     55.66% |           0      0.00%     55.66% |        2225     11.26%     66.92% |        2291     11.59%     78.51% |        2161     10.93%     89.44% |        2087     10.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     25.30%     25.30% |           0      0.00%     25.30% |         380     25.10%     50.40% |         279     18.43%     68.82% |         250     16.51%     85.34% |         222     14.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3434730    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3434730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.85%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |        3198      2.41%     93.27% |        3150      2.38%     95.64% |        3029      2.28%     97.93% |        2749      2.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1685774     97.52%     97.52% |           0      0.00%     97.52% |       11323      0.65%     98.17% |       11159      0.65%     98.82% |       10691      0.62%     99.43% |        9772      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1728719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         475     81.20%     81.20% |           5      0.85%     82.05% |         105     17.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134780     59.83%     59.83% |           0      0.00%     59.83% |       23806     10.57%     70.39% |       23547     10.45%     80.85% |       22567     10.02%     90.86% |       20583      9.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       225283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1525     25.69%     25.69% |        1601     26.97%     52.65% |        1488     25.06%     77.72% |        1323     22.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         5937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1560475    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1560475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4754861     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |        1833      0.04%     99.89% |        1805      0.04%     99.93% |        1728      0.04%     99.97% |        1573      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4761800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     92.99%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |          15      7.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.77%     93.77% |           0      0.00%     93.77% |        4251      1.64%     95.42% |        4178      1.62%     97.03% |        4006      1.55%     98.58% |        3674      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         261     25.64%     25.64% |         281     27.60%     53.24% |         252     24.75%     78.00% |         224     22.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     86.76%     86.76% |           0      0.00%     86.76% |          29      2.76%     89.52% |          34      3.24%     92.76% |          37      3.52%     96.29% |          39      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161483     62.18%     62.18% |           5      0.00%     62.18% |       25856      9.96%     72.14% |       25576      9.85%     81.99% |       24460      9.42%     91.40% |       22326      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |        1600     26.93%     27.01% |        1468     24.71%     51.72% |        1479     24.89%     76.61% |        1390     23.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         5942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.71%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |         101      0.08%     99.79% |         101      0.08%     99.87% |          90      0.07%     99.95% |          64      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       122237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216633     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        4590      1.96%     94.52% |        4521      1.93%     96.46% |        4335      1.85%     98.31% |        3960      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.43%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |          10      0.55%     97.97% |          12      0.66%     98.63% |          12      0.66%     99.29% |          13      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377362     77.97%     77.97% |           0      0.00%     77.97% |       28057      5.80%     83.77% |       27725      5.73%     89.50% |       26573      5.49%     94.99% |       24257      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       483974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.92% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3695      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5096      4.20%     92.33% |        4946      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47066     17.65%     17.65% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6460      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.75% |        6719      2.52%     28.27% |        6505      2.44%     30.71% |        6110      2.29%     33.00% |        6267      2.35%     35.35% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8658      3.25%     43.52% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7705      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.24% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10309      3.87%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.15% |        6865      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7220      2.71%     71.04% |        7627      2.86%     73.90% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6313      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7235      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16484      7.04%      7.04% |        7764      3.32%     10.36% |        6297      2.69%     13.05% |        7488      3.20%     16.25% |        6630      2.83%     19.08% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.51% |        6641      2.84%     27.35% |        6550      2.80%     30.15% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.72% |        6636      2.83%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.30% |        6805      2.91%     44.21% |        6091      2.60%     46.81% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6760      2.89%     52.33% |        6259      2.67%     55.00% |        6425      2.74%     57.75% |        7279      3.11%     60.86% |        7682      3.28%     64.14% |        8267      3.53%     67.67% |        7093      3.03%     70.70% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.86% |        6898      2.95%     79.81% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.97%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.35% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56752     11.73%     11.73% |       15454      3.19%     14.92% |       12663      2.62%     17.54% |       14716      3.04%     20.58% |       13245      2.74%     23.31% |       12629      2.61%     25.92% |       12158      2.51%     28.43% |       12818      2.65%     31.08% |       13015      2.69%     33.77% |       12676      2.62%     36.39% |       15426      3.19%     39.58% |       15680      3.24%     42.82% |       14050      2.90%     45.72% |       13134      2.71%     48.44% |       11919      2.46%     50.90% |       12375      2.56%     53.46% |       10383      2.15%     55.60% |       12710      2.63%     58.23% |       13145      2.72%     60.94% |       14130      2.92%     63.86% |       14805      3.06%     66.92% |       15777      3.26%     70.18% |       13623      2.81%     73.00% |       13659      2.82%     75.82% |       13741      2.84%     78.66% |       13303      2.75%     81.41% |       13153      2.72%     84.12% |       12864      2.66%     86.78% |       15467      3.20%     89.98% |       13890      2.87%     92.85% |       16262      3.36%     96.21% |       18352      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       483974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.62% |        4608      3.09%     19.70% |        4611      3.09%     22.79% |        4598      3.08%     25.87% |        4613      3.09%     28.96% |        4619      3.09%     32.05% |        4619      3.09%     35.14% |        4612      3.09%     38.23% |        4596      3.08%     41.31% |        4607      3.09%     44.39% |        4600      3.08%     47.48% |        4601      3.08%     50.56% |        4634      3.10%     53.66% |        4613      3.09%     56.75% |        4629      3.10%     59.85% |        4619      3.09%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4631      3.10%     69.13% |        4615      3.09%     72.22% |        4612      3.09%     75.31% |        4626      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.50% |        4618      3.09%     84.60% |        4608      3.09%     87.68% |        4611      3.09%     90.77% |        4595      3.08%     93.85% |        4597      3.08%     96.92% |        4592      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3272      3.14%      6.37% |        3301      3.17%      9.54% |        3267      3.14%     12.68% |        3273      3.14%     15.82% |        3238      3.11%     18.93% |        3246      3.12%     22.04% |        3246      3.12%     25.16% |        3250      3.12%     28.28% |        3285      3.15%     31.43% |        3297      3.16%     34.60% |        3262      3.13%     37.73% |        3277      3.15%     40.87% |        3272      3.14%     44.01% |        3274      3.14%     47.16% |        3245      3.12%     50.27% |        3256      3.13%     53.40% |        3246      3.12%     56.51% |        3246      3.12%     59.63% |        3214      3.09%     62.71% |        3235      3.11%     65.82% |        3218      3.09%     68.91% |        3235      3.11%     72.01% |        3210      3.08%     75.10% |        3256      3.13%     78.22% |        3286      3.15%     81.38% |        3272      3.14%     84.52% |        3214      3.09%     87.60% |        3252      3.12%     90.72% |        3241      3.11%     93.84% |        3214      3.09%     96.92% |        3208      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     23.74%     23.74% |           3      1.37%     25.11% |           6      2.74%     27.85% |           5      2.28%     30.14% |           4      1.83%     31.96% |           4      1.83%     33.79% |           3      1.37%     35.16% |           7      3.20%     38.36% |           5      2.28%     40.64% |           6      2.74%     43.38% |           5      2.28%     45.66% |           4      1.83%     47.49% |           6      2.74%     50.23% |           4      1.83%     52.05% |           5      2.28%     54.34% |           2      0.91%     55.25% |           3      1.37%     56.62% |           5      2.28%     58.90% |           9      4.11%     63.01% |           6      2.74%     65.75% |           4      1.83%     67.58% |           8      3.65%     71.23% |          10      4.57%     75.80% |           5      2.28%     78.08% |           6      2.74%     80.82% |           5      2.28%     83.11% |           7      3.20%     86.30% |           7      3.20%     89.50% |           7      3.20%     92.69% |           5      2.28%     94.98% |           7      3.20%     98.17% |           4      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        2939     49.50%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |        2998     50.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         5937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2198     50.10%     50.10% |           1      0.02%     50.13% |           1      0.02%     50.15% |           1      0.02%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           1      0.02%     50.19% |           0      0.00%     50.19% |           0      0.00%     50.19% |           1      0.02%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |           0      0.00%     50.22% |        2184     49.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2614     15.08%     15.08% |         373      2.15%     17.24% |         386      2.23%     19.46% |         385      2.22%     21.68% |         392      2.26%     23.95% |         382      2.20%     26.15% |         395      2.28%     28.43% |         395      2.28%     30.71% |         382      2.20%     32.91% |         392      2.26%     35.17% |         422      2.43%     37.61% |         418      2.41%     40.02% |         422      2.43%     42.46% |         421      2.43%     44.88% |         425      2.45%     47.34% |         424      2.45%     49.78% |        2615     15.09%     64.87% |         415      2.39%     67.27% |         410      2.37%     69.63% |         392      2.26%     71.89% |         390      2.25%     74.14% |         398      2.30%     76.44% |         394      2.27%     78.71% |         394      2.27%     80.99% |         422      2.43%     83.42% |         433      2.50%     85.92% |         437      2.52%     88.44% |         402      2.32%     90.76% |         403      2.33%     93.09% |         402      2.32%     95.41% |         400      2.31%     97.72% |         396      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        2939     49.46%     49.46% |           1      0.02%     49.48% |           1      0.02%     49.50% |           1      0.02%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           1      0.02%     49.53% |           0      0.00%     49.53% |           0      0.00%     49.53% |           1      0.02%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |        2998     50.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         5942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60292     12.21%     12.21% |       15544      3.15%     15.36% |       12751      2.58%     17.94% |       14804      3.00%     20.94% |       13334      2.70%     23.64% |       12717      2.58%     26.22% |       12241      2.48%     28.69% |       12902      2.61%     31.31% |       13097      2.65%     33.96% |       12757      2.58%     36.54% |       15511      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.88% |       14130      2.86%     45.74% |       13215      2.68%     48.41% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13918      2.82%     56.19% |       12805      2.59%     58.78% |       13240      2.68%     61.46% |       14226      2.88%     64.34% |       14902      3.02%     67.36% |       15879      3.22%     70.58% |       13721      2.78%     73.36% |       13755      2.79%     76.14% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.34% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.26% |       18447      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493763                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2597     15.53%     15.53% |         358      2.14%     17.67% |         373      2.23%     19.90% |         372      2.22%     22.12% |         379      2.27%     24.39% |         368      2.20%     26.59% |         379      2.27%     28.86% |         385      2.30%     31.16% |         370      2.21%     33.37% |         381      2.28%     35.65% |         408      2.44%     38.09% |         406      2.43%     40.52% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.42% |         410      2.45%     47.87% |         403      2.41%     50.28% |        2595     15.52%     65.80% |         389      2.33%     68.12% |         387      2.31%     70.44% |         367      2.19%     72.63% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.01% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38215     28.13%     28.13% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2560      1.88%     32.89% |        3477      2.56%     35.45% |        2873      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2275      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.22% |        3897      2.87%     57.09% |        2597      1.91%     59.00% |        2099      1.55%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3427      2.52%     64.92% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2990      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3403      2.50%     73.96% |        3814      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2505      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3309      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3465      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135857                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11237     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.72%     17.35% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.64% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.98% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1521      1.85%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.34% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.08%     13.52% |        4589      3.08%     16.60% |        4600      3.08%     19.68% |        4605      3.09%     22.77% |        4596      3.08%     25.85% |        4612      3.09%     28.94% |        4618      3.10%     32.04% |        4615      3.09%     35.13% |        4611      3.09%     38.22% |        4595      3.08%     41.30% |        4605      3.09%     44.38% |        4599      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4613      3.09%     56.75% |        4626      3.10%     59.85% |        4618      3.10%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4625      3.10%     69.13% |        4613      3.09%     72.22% |        4610      3.09%     75.31% |        4623      3.10%     78.41% |        4623      3.10%     81.51% |        4616      3.09%     84.60% |        4605      3.09%     87.69% |        4608      3.09%     90.78% |        4588      3.07%     93.85% |        4589      3.08%     96.93% |        4584      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         762      0.88%      0.88% |        2906      3.35%      4.23% |        2919      3.36%      7.59% |        2886      3.32%     10.91% |        2884      3.32%     14.24% |        2860      3.29%     17.53% |        2855      3.29%     20.82% |        2846      3.28%     24.10% |        2864      3.30%     27.40% |        2889      3.33%     30.73% |        2874      3.31%     34.04% |        2841      3.27%     37.31% |        2850      3.28%     40.59% |        2849      3.28%     43.87% |        2845      3.28%     47.15% |        2820      3.25%     50.40% |         640      0.74%     51.14% |        2826      3.26%     54.39% |        2830      3.26%     57.65% |        2817      3.25%     60.90% |        2842      3.27%     64.17% |        2818      3.25%     67.42% |        2833      3.26%     70.68% |        2813      3.24%     73.92% |        2831      3.26%     77.19% |        2849      3.28%     80.47% |        2830      3.26%     83.73% |        2808      3.23%     86.96% |        2845      3.28%     90.24% |        2841      3.27%     93.51% |        2815      3.24%     96.76% |        2816      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        2939     49.46%     49.46% |           1      0.02%     49.48% |           1      0.02%     49.50% |           1      0.02%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           1      0.02%     49.53% |           0      0.00%     49.53% |           0      0.00%     49.53% |           1      0.02%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |        2998     50.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         5942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         509     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |         509     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56752     11.73%     11.73% |       15454      3.19%     14.92% |       12663      2.62%     17.54% |       14716      3.04%     20.58% |       13245      2.74%     23.31% |       12629      2.61%     25.92% |       12158      2.51%     28.43% |       12818      2.65%     31.08% |       13015      2.69%     33.77% |       12676      2.62%     36.39% |       15426      3.19%     39.58% |       15680      3.24%     42.82% |       14050      2.90%     45.72% |       13134      2.71%     48.44% |       11919      2.46%     50.90% |       12375      2.56%     53.46% |       10383      2.15%     55.60% |       12710      2.63%     58.23% |       13145      2.72%     60.94% |       14130      2.92%     63.86% |       14805      3.06%     66.92% |       15777      3.26%     70.18% |       13623      2.81%     73.00% |       13659      2.82%     75.82% |       13741      2.84%     78.66% |       13303      2.75%     81.41% |       13153      2.72%     84.12% |       12864      2.66%     86.78% |       15467      3.20%     89.98% |       13890      2.87%     92.85% |       16262      3.36%     96.21% |       18352      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       483974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.93%      0.93% |           8      1.24%      2.17% |           9      1.40%      3.57% |           9      1.40%      4.96% |          10      1.55%      6.51% |          10      1.55%      8.06% |          12      1.86%      9.92% |          15      2.33%     12.25% |          16      2.48%     14.73% |          15      2.33%     17.05% |          15      2.33%     19.38% |          15      2.33%     21.71% |          15      2.33%     24.03% |          15      2.33%     26.36% |          19      2.95%     29.30% |          22      3.41%     32.71% |          21      3.26%     35.97% |          31      4.81%     40.78% |          29      4.50%     45.27% |          30      4.65%     49.92% |          31      4.81%     54.73% |          30      4.65%     59.38% |          31      4.81%     64.19% |          30      4.65%     68.84% |          29      4.50%     73.33% |          30      4.65%     77.98% |          29      4.50%     82.48% |          29      4.50%     86.98% |          28      4.34%     91.32% |          21      3.26%     94.57% |          17      2.64%     97.21% |          18      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           3     33.33%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.79%      0.79% |           1      0.79%      1.57% |           4      3.15%      4.72% |           4      3.15%      7.87% |           4      3.15%     11.02% |           2      1.57%     12.60% |           2      1.57%     14.17% |           6      4.72%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           5      3.94%     26.77% |           3      2.36%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           5      3.94%     35.43% |           2      1.57%     37.01% |           5      3.94%     40.94% |           2      1.57%     42.52% |           2      1.57%     44.09% |           5      3.94%     48.03% |           7      5.51%     53.54% |           5      3.94%     57.48% |           4      3.15%     60.63% |           5      3.94%     64.57% |           8      6.30%     70.87% |           4      3.15%     74.02% |           4      3.15%     77.17% |           4      3.15%     80.31% |           5      3.94%     84.25% |           5      3.94%     88.19% |           4      3.15%     91.34% |           3      2.36%     93.70% |           5      3.94%     97.64% |           3      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.97%      0.97% |           7      1.35%      2.32% |           5      0.97%      3.28% |           5      0.97%      4.25% |           6      1.16%      5.41% |           8      1.54%      6.95% |          10      1.93%      8.88% |           9      1.74%     10.62% |          11      2.12%     12.74% |          10      1.93%     14.67% |          12      2.32%     16.99% |          12      2.32%     19.31% |          10      1.93%     21.24% |          13      2.51%     23.75% |          14      2.70%     26.45% |          20      3.86%     30.31% |          19      3.67%     33.98% |          26      5.02%     39.00% |          22      4.25%     43.24% |          25      4.83%     48.07% |          27      5.21%     53.28% |          25      4.83%     58.11% |          23      4.44%     62.55% |          26      5.02%     67.57% |          25      4.83%     72.39% |          26      5.02%     77.41% |          24      4.63%     82.05% |          24      4.63%     86.68% |          24      4.63%     91.31% |          18      3.47%     94.79% |          12      2.32%     97.10% |          15      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2198     50.16%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |           0      0.00%     50.16% |        2184     49.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2597     15.53%     15.53% |         358      2.14%     17.67% |         373      2.23%     19.90% |         372      2.22%     22.12% |         379      2.27%     24.39% |         368      2.20%     26.59% |         379      2.27%     28.86% |         385      2.30%     31.16% |         370      2.21%     33.37% |         381      2.28%     35.65% |         408      2.44%     38.09% |         406      2.43%     40.52% |         412      2.46%     42.98% |         408      2.44%     45.42% |         410      2.45%     47.87% |         403      2.41%     50.28% |        2595     15.52%     65.80% |         389      2.33%     68.12% |         387      2.31%     70.44% |         367      2.19%     72.63% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.01% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.42% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         117     65.73%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |           0      0.00%     65.73% |          61     34.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5623      4.54%      4.54% |        3870      3.12%      7.66% |        3893      3.14%     10.81% |        3839      3.10%     13.91% |        3831      3.09%     17.00% |        3815      3.08%     20.08% |        3812      3.08%     23.16% |        3808      3.07%     26.23% |        3824      3.09%     29.32% |        3854      3.11%     32.43% |        3857      3.11%     35.55% |        3799      3.07%     38.62% |        3805      3.07%     41.69% |        3813      3.08%     44.77% |        3808      3.07%     47.84% |        3787      3.06%     50.90% |        3744      3.02%     53.92% |        3803      3.07%     56.99% |        3818      3.08%     60.08% |        3801      3.07%     63.14% |        3817      3.08%     66.23% |        3800      3.07%     69.29% |        3824      3.09%     72.38% |        3792      3.06%     75.44% |        3811      3.08%     78.52% |        3838      3.10%     81.62% |        3806      3.07%     84.69% |        3784      3.06%     87.75% |        3822      3.09%     90.83% |        3799      3.07%     93.90% |        3768      3.04%     96.94% |        3784      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       123849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         515      4.11%      4.11% |         358      2.86%      6.97% |         375      2.99%      9.96% |         371      2.96%     12.92% |         378      3.02%     15.94% |         365      2.91%     18.85% |         379      3.02%     21.88% |         386      3.08%     24.96% |         373      2.98%     27.93% |         383      3.06%     30.99% |         407      3.25%     34.24% |         404      3.22%     37.46% |         412      3.29%     40.75% |         407      3.25%     44.00% |         408      3.26%     47.25% |         405      3.23%     50.49% |         474      3.78%     54.27% |         390      3.11%     57.38% |         388      3.10%     60.48% |         370      2.95%     63.43% |         364      2.91%     66.34% |         370      2.95%     69.29% |         369      2.94%     72.23% |         367      2.93%     75.16% |         395      3.15%     78.32% |         406      3.24%     81.56% |         412      3.29%     84.84% |         379      3.02%     87.87% |         382      3.05%     90.92% |         382      3.05%     93.97% |         384      3.06%     97.03% |         372      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |          28     70.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |          12     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          17     56.67%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |          13     43.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60289     12.21%     12.21% |       15538      3.15%     15.36% |       12748      2.58%     17.94% |       14800      3.00%     20.94% |       13334      2.70%     23.64% |       12717      2.58%     26.21% |       12241      2.48%     28.69% |       12902      2.61%     31.31% |       13097      2.65%     33.96% |       12757      2.58%     36.54% |       15511      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.88% |       14127      2.86%     45.74% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13917      2.82%     56.19% |       12805      2.59%     58.78% |       13229      2.68%     61.46% |       14224      2.88%     64.34% |       14902      3.02%     67.36% |       15878      3.22%     70.58% |       13721      2.78%     73.36% |       13754      2.79%     76.14% |       13836      2.80%     78.94% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13249      2.68%     84.34% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.26% |       18447      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2914     49.60%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |           0      0.00%     49.60% |        2961     50.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          25     40.32%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |          37     59.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          25     40.32%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |           0      0.00%     40.32% |          37     59.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2914     49.56%     49.56% |           1      0.02%     49.57% |           1      0.02%     49.59% |           1      0.02%     49.61% |           0      0.00%     49.61% |           0      0.00%     49.61% |           1      0.02%     49.63% |           0      0.00%     49.63% |           0      0.00%     49.63% |           1      0.02%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |           0      0.00%     49.64% |        2961     50.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       14745      9.41%      9.41% |       78374     50.00%     59.41% |       16245     10.36%     69.77% |       16240     10.36%     80.13% |       16003     10.21%     90.34% |       15141      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       156748                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       14745      9.41%      9.41% |       78374     50.00%     59.41% |       16245     10.36%     69.77% |       16240     10.36%     80.13% |       16003     10.21%     90.34% |       15141      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       156748                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       14745      9.41%      9.41% |       78374     50.00%     59.41% |       16245     10.36%     69.77% |       16240     10.36%     80.13% |       16003     10.21%     90.34% |       15141      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       156748                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       14745      9.41%      9.41% |       78374     50.00%     59.41% |       16245     10.36%     69.77% |       16240     10.36%     80.13% |       16003     10.21%     90.34% |       15141      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       156748                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
