
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119687                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119687113000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295855191500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96037798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                7205348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1246.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54675543                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96816720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42577536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42577536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20079616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20079616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       665274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             665274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       313744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            313744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    355740354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            355740354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    167767569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           167767569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    523507924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           523507924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     665274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    313744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   665274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  313744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42552256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  25280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20079360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42577536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20079616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   395                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    66389                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11077                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119686709000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               665274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              313744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 178334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  22274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  23209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  23313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  19858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 18773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 13963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  6889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  5927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 71980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  45289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  20969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       325234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   192.571256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.333013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.654742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       113904     35.02%     35.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       100515     30.91%     65.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73332     22.55%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18967      5.83%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13455      4.14%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2666      0.82%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1240      0.38%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          753      0.23%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          402      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       325234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.127276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.358453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46811     99.46%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          200      0.42%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        47063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.666383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.163772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.138776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36354     77.25%     77.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5596     11.89%     89.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2852      6.06%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2261      4.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        47063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 77073229411                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            89539710661                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3324395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   115920.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              134670.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      355.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      167.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   355.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   167.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  485374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 168002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122251.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20208810250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95477452250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1235666880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1222996320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              674223000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              667309500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2598250200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2587579800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1018824480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1014139440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49354987005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48887608950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28515777000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28925757750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91214804325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91122467520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          762.138535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          761.367022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42059584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          42059584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19507968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19507968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       657181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             657181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       304812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            304812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    351412804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            351412804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162991382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162991382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    514404187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           514404187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     657181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    304812                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   657181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  304812                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              42034176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  25408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19507776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               42059584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19507968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   397                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            19105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            19059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            19011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    63655                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11003                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119686446500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               657181                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              304812                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  21746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  23179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 17779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 16474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 13113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 12341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  6105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 69404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  49068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  20804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       312433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.972996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.315088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.962866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       108304     34.66%     34.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        93047     29.78%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73274     23.45%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19003      6.08%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13630      4.36%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2773      0.89%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1237      0.40%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          761      0.24%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          404      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       312433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.467750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.681183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45139     99.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          203      0.45%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.08%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.714446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.199863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.175345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34764     76.58%     76.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5529     12.18%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2806      6.18%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2297      5.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 76327501422                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            88642201422                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3283920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   116214.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              134964.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      351.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   351.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  482738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 166413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124415.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   67.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20698146750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94988115750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1191493800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1170416520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              650120625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              638620125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2568243600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2554422000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            990033840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            985050720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48148599105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47923581060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29574012000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29771396250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90939578730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90860562435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.838908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          759.178693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41965632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41965632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19490560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19490560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       655713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             655713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       304540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            304540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    350627824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            350627824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162845936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162845936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    513473761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           513473761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     655713                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    304540                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   655713                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  304540                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41944192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  21440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19490432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41965632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19490560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            42081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            19044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            19002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            19042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            19036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    62219                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    11244                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119687061500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               655713                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              304540                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  23626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  24095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  23118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 17502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 12160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 67597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  49126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  21007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       311254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.375931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.861873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.724756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106743     34.29%     34.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        93347     29.99%     64.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73513     23.62%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19026      6.11%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13534      4.35%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2679      0.86%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1219      0.39%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          798      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          395      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       311254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.421574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.947542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45193     99.45%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          191      0.42%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.701391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.189277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.167916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34924     76.85%     76.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5413     11.91%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2842      6.25%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2265      4.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 74707008884                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            86995346384                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3276890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   113990.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              132740.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      350.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   350.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  481568                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 167087                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    124641.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   67.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20830630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94855939000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1183026600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1169985600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              645500625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              638385000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2562853800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2548962000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            988932240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            984409200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48386334420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47876342310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29365472250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29812833750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90949195695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90847993620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.919262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          759.073675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41947904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41947904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19489920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19489920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       655436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             655436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            304530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    350479705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            350479705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162840589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162840589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    513320294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           513320294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     655436                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    304530                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   655436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  304530                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41928960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  18944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19489920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41947904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19489920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            42009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            19055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    60662                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    10823                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119686095500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               655436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              304530                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  21893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  22444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  23283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  23631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  23146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 18112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 13089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 12075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  8991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  6845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 65886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  49156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  20471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       310756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.641159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.939229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   150.134054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106785     34.36%     34.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        92862     29.88%     64.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73226     23.56%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19072      6.14%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13665      4.40%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2646      0.85%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1308      0.42%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          797      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          395      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       310756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.442485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.815773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45105     99.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          203      0.45%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.08%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.713328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.196827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.182265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34789     76.69%     76.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5415     11.94%     88.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2864      6.31%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2294      5.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 74786749310                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            87070624310                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3275700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   114153.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              132903.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      350.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   350.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  481458                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 167449                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               54.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    124677.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   67.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20266365500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3996460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95419897000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1182716640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1166545800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              645331500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              636508125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2561871000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2548080600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            989282160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            984007440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7817075760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48117255660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47657911185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29601506250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30004440000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90915038970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90814568910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          759.633868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.794398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              543380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27097483                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 42.928268                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.435598                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                63.195134                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26525826     97.89%     97.89% |      460385      1.70%     99.59% |      106219      0.39%     99.98% |        4999      0.02%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27097483                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39527776                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.097078                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.837426                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.336392                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34953251     88.43%     88.43% |     1531655      3.87%     92.30% |      495413      1.25%     93.56% |      576030      1.46%     95.01% |      472419      1.20%     96.21% |      445390      1.13%     97.33% |      424633      1.07%     98.41% |      345556      0.87%     99.28% |      283429      0.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39527776                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39527773                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              47.553681                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.960578                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            185.951210                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39180606     99.12%     99.12% |      311215      0.79%     99.91% |       31451      0.08%     99.99% |        3829      0.01%    100.00% |         547      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39527773                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35047553                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000195                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013955                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35040726     99.98%     99.98% |        6827      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35047553                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4480220                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        396.083588                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       253.461657                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       409.963142                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4133053     92.25%     92.25% |      311215      6.95%     99.20% |       31451      0.70%     99.90% |        3829      0.09%     99.99% |         547      0.01%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4480220                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1068445                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1068445                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          296                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          279                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          282                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          262                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24704334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       898111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25602445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10333746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10460237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1040885                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37878                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       377506                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034996                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63970                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        99633                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       431801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        97051                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       431896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        97293                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        99159                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        95055                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        95599                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        99766                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        95405                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        84013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        53678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        84154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        52618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        50913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        84369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        52171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        84293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        84235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        84315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        51880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        84201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        51912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        84144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        51998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52014                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        51670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        51525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        84021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        66577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        84255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        51559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        84044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        51977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        84038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        52824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136380                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        53351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83980                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137331                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        56787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        51893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        51984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        51380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        50748                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        84189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        52961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        84185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          591                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     26222267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     26222267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     27395121                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     26222267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     13134270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12921927                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     26222267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.109545                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     18501223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     18501223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20030477                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18501223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10824809                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10582019                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     18501223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15644882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15644882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16991954                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15644882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7339351                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7177862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15644882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.065357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14625547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14625547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15946012                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14625547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6963728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6845455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14625547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.061099                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15317685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15317685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16647561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15317685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8283997                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7983053                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15317685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.063991                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14579521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14579521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15898740                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14579521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7505236                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7396813                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14579521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16730022                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16730022                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18327179                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16730022                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7264895                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7126578                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16730022                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.069891                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14644164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14644164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16218328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14644164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6674846                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6554432                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14644164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.061177                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10629905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10629905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11379700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10629905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5089173                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5010357                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10629905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.044407                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     12179676                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     12179676                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13242658                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12179676                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6060173                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5936860                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     12179676                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.050881                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8378799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8378799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8896409                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8378799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3627261                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3550471                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8378799                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.035003                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6492658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6492658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6593077                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6492658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2925720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2920910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6492658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027123                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7046525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7046525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7192708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7046525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3441394                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3434709                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7046525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029437                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6554318                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6554318                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6667571                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6554318                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2939603                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2933786                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6554318                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4264280                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4264280                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4393837                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4264280                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1738000                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1726100                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4264280                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017814                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5921585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5921585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6130909                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5921585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2465783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2452525                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5921585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024738                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7077983                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7077983                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7246840                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7077983                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2778330                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2768487                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7077983                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029569                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6276041                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6276041                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6444069                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6276041                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2519591                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2510613                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6276041                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026219                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5789463                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5789463                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6020001                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5789462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2482763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2468131                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5789462                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024186                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3325667                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3325667                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3497748                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3325667                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1423614                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413695                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3325667                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013893                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3261865                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3261865                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3281112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3261865                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1562146                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1561553                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3261865                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013627                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3879581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2009446                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2006245                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3847601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016074                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3615008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3615008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3648575                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3615008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1751892                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1750996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3615008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015102                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2202136                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2202136                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2202136                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2202136                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       981892                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       981892                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2202136                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3213285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3213285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3232039                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3213285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1513124                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1512561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3213285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3641584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3641584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3673391                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3641584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1896415                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1893452                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3641584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015213                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3521239                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3521239                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3553781                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3521239                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1699997                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1699055                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3521239                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014710                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2212650                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2212650                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2212650                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2212650                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       985866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2212650                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009243                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14490385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14490385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15944323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14490385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6681711                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6619597                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14490385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.060534                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13696185                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13696185                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14672026                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13696183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6175815                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6115146                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13696182                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.057217                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14097463                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14097463                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15438007                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14097463                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6126695                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6031623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14097463                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.058893                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14263602                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14263602                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15476865                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14263600                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6314892                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6216315                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14263599                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059587                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    21375397     28.06%     28.06% |    50281050     66.00%     94.06% |     4529113      5.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     76185560                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    21375398     28.06%     28.06% |    50281060     66.00%     94.06% |     4529113      5.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     76185571                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   729477172                       |  1346950928                       |   110679907                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   777986808                       |   234300033                       |     4529757                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   34.126953                       |   26.788441                       |   24.437436                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   36.396368                       |    4.659808                       |    1.000142                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.707645                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    13.346579                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         42.054224                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005133                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.109637      6.93%      6.93% |    0.109585      6.93%     13.87% |    0.108807      6.88%     20.75% |    0.108402      6.86%     27.60% |    0.263765     16.68%     44.29% |    0.259003     16.38%     60.67% |    0.263278     16.65%     77.32% |    0.258424     16.35%     93.67% |    0.025015      1.58%     95.25% |    0.025026      1.58%     96.83% |    0.025030      1.58%     98.42% |    0.025027      1.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.581001                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.039460                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023600                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007757                       |    0.007604                       |    0.007569                       |    0.007789                       |    0.007439                       |    0.007416                       |    0.007728                       |    0.007432                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007178                       |    0.004695                       |    0.004652                       |    0.004705                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004626                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004713                       |    0.004680                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004675                       |    0.004631                       |    0.004636                       |    0.004668                       |    0.004664                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004652                       |    0.005035                       |    0.004867                       |    0.004636                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004666                       |    0.004640                       |    0.004666                       |    0.004684                       |    0.004695                       |    0.004781                       |    0.004950                       |    0.016668                       |    0.016464                       |    0.016427                       |    0.016421                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.003114                       |    0.007578                       |    0.000570                       |    0.000571                       |    0.000555                       |    0.000579                       |    0.000544                       |    0.000566                       |    0.000546                       |    0.000535                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004589                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004753                       |    0.004182                       |    0.011028                       |    0.004575                       |    0.000546                       |    0.006993                       |    0.014395                       |    0.006871                       |           0                       |    0.004613                       |    0.010694                       |           0                       |    0.016094                       |    0.020905                       |    0.008228                       |    0.011029                       |    0.004583                       |    0.000570                       |    0.017490                       |    0.017003                       |    0.014682                       |    0.010802                       |    0.004624                       |    0.000571                       |    0.018758                       |    0.015743                       |    0.010601                       |           0                       |    0.004605                       |    0.010477                       |           0                       |    0.018643                       |    0.013901                       |    0.009590                       |           0                       |    0.004597                       |           0                       |    0.009334                       |    0.006945                       |    0.006248                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004187                       |           0                       |    0.004887                       |           0                       |    0.001881                       |    0.005035                       |    0.004271                       |    0.010591                       |    0.004593                       |    0.000535                       |    0.010640                       |    0.005900                       |    0.014471                       |    0.004151                       |    0.010804                       |    0.004580                       |    0.000555                       |    0.007297                       |    0.014703                       |    0.020483                       |    0.005568                       |    0.025215                       |    0.006368                       |    0.003114                       |    0.012715                       |    0.020922                       |    0.029136                       |    0.012075                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004609                       |    0.007578                       |    0.012573                       |    0.020530                       |    0.019937                       |    0.012062                       |    0.011027                       |    0.004571                       |    0.000579                       |    0.010980                       |    0.015837                       |    0.010906                       |    0.007007                       |           0                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.003888                       |    0.009315                       |    0.005438                       |    0.006220                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.001824                       |    0.004666                       |    0.004140                       |           0                       |    0.004716                       |           0                       |    0.000956                       |    0.004867                       |    0.004563                       |           0                       |    0.004621                       |           0                       |    0.011614                       |    0.005964                       |    0.008249                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |    0.004701                       |    0.010460                       |           0                       |    0.007592                       |    0.015948                       |    0.015634                       |    0.004558                       |    0.010587                       |    0.004572                       |    0.000544                       |    0.019957                       |    0.017283                       |    0.012366                       |    0.004582                       |    0.010592                       |    0.004559                       |    0.000566                       |    0.009442                       |    0.018804                       |    0.012632                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.004807                       |    0.010458                       |           0                       |    0.009041                       |    0.018857                       |    0.011847                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.004591                       |           0                       |    0.002969                       |    0.009314                       |    0.005930                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.000921                       |    0.004640                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.004563                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004636                       |           0                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |    0.005324                       |           0                       |    0.007935                       |           0                       |    0.004558                       |           0                       |    0.006585                       |    0.003991                       |    0.009604                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.010750                       |    0.007609                       |    0.006629                       |           0                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.005285                       |    0.010716                       |    0.005638                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.009264                       |    0.010345                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009316                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004666                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.581001                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8944137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8944137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6424527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5808316                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.408461                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          703642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15441334                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18932198                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181236                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15527681                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19113434                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34373532                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267583                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34641115                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10467331                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9642                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10476973                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10467331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9642                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10476973                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235827844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34560128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63078195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8944137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6511958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195711461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344909                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10466663                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231701318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209673297     90.49%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1986895      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3033341      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           866372      0.37%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3091224      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1411816      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3874800      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           544079      0.23%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7219494      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231701318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13366920                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202606068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6771421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8502889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110401899                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15993720                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124052962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13482576                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12295069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65422971                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108399194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5825516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119682668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244544920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160240155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106190156                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367067                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52787250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8185502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19344593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1954897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1728019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106454888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       695642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111359529                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326716                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14627699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137008                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231701318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184897016     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19616865      8.47%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10540610      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5989214      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3703149      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5038276      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083441      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472796      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359951      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231701318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113373      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913086     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141598     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417208      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76342093     68.55%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15345149     13.78%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19150511     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111359529                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472207                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168057                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455914987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117173364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102687000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112110294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2131569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2663                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8945                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8924244                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6255762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111558577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107150530                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8185502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19344593                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       686220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         231054                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8945                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110647476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15130071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34074573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7502419                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18944502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.469187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102795699                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102687054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53440884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81581465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       558634                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230017620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191984469     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16134960      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11022696      4.79%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2588716      1.13%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2376566      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       994746      0.43%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155271      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622971      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3137225      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230017620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54675542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96816717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25317726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6713899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6977453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96184987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       619411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178700      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71218243     73.56%     73.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6713899      6.93%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18603827     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96816717                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3137225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333694621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215823534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4126526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54675542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96816717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.313224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.313224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166209887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75591620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35378920                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36892101                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49353971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7073730500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7073730499.999994                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12759970                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        58.179140                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.986516                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       88.102316                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    12192628     95.55%     95.55% |      456186      3.58%     99.13% |      106103      0.83%     99.96% |        4999      0.04%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12759970                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14046990                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.423319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.265015                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.860992                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    14012116     99.75%     99.75% |       30559      0.22%     99.97% |        3501      0.02%     99.99% |         698      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14046990                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        290523                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.073233                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.123985                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.808158                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       36946     12.72%     12.72% |      165125     56.84%     69.55% |       81893     28.19%     97.74% |        6429      2.21%     99.96% |         125      0.04%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          290523                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9202775                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          123.336323                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.080773                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         298.406799                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8965798     97.42%     97.42% |      212700      2.31%     99.74% |       21313      0.23%     99.97% |        2561      0.03%    100.00% |         328      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9202775                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6491185                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000833                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000719                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028844                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6485780     99.92%     99.92% |        5405      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6491185                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711590                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     411.403445                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    252.765471                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    429.610310                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2474613     91.26%     91.26% |      212700      7.84%     99.10% |       21313      0.79%     99.89% |        2561      0.09%     99.99% |         328      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711590                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19584924                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           35.707339                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.371439                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         154.848943                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19474791     99.44%     99.44% |       98463      0.50%     99.94% |       10134      0.05%     99.99% |        1267      0.01%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19584924                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17963644                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000073                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000063                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.008572                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17962324     99.99%     99.99% |        1320      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17963644                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1621280                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     398.101047                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    283.219980                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    382.717282                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1511147     93.21%     93.21% |       98463      6.07%     99.28% |       10134      0.63%     99.91% |        1267      0.08%     99.98% |         219      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1621280                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10460234                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.040638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.179046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10459805    100.00%    100.00% |         372      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10460234                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10333746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10333745    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10333746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126488                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.058108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.943691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.356502                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126059     99.66%     99.66% |         372      0.29%     99.95% |          43      0.03%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126488                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.973927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867571                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.258955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273461     98.18%     98.18% |        3847      1.38%     99.56% |        1016      0.36%     99.93% |          92      0.03%     99.96% |          54      0.02%     99.98% |          52      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257600     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.624274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.474460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.038120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.66%     75.66% |        3847     18.47%     94.13% |        1016      4.88%     99.01% |          92      0.44%     99.45% |          54      0.26%     99.71% |          52      0.25%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312482                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10261425                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       432884                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   126870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   237296                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   119300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   236848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   119251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   237240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   127338                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   237178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   112144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   236932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                  111988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  237342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                  126501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  237373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  111668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  236991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  26570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  51504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  25116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  51952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  25165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  51560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  26102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  51622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  23248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  51868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 23404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 51458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 26939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 51427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 23724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 51809                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    37509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    48713                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    35258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    48861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    35288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    48750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    37383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    48689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    33028                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    48867                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   32811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   48628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   37912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   48732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   33300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   48871                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3798032                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 7039807                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3456848                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6928752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3605542                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 7061813                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 3564316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6920652                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3520990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 7020347                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                3467865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6884518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3932544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7208505                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3682713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4302148920                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                73465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               187144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                68897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               186711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                69042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               187026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                73618                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               187116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                64723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits               186746                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               64762                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              187092                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               73083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              187135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               64387                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits              186815                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              14695                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              40216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              14079                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              40649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              13934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              40334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              14542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              40244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              13069                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              40614                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             13030                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             40268                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             15077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             40225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             13405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             40545                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               53405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               50152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               50403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               50137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               50209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               50214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               53720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               50062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               47421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               50186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              47226                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              50250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              53418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              50238                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              47281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              50176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             11875                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             11288                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             11037                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             11303                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             11231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             11226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             11560                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             11378                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             10179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             11254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            10374                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            11190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            11862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            11202                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            10319                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            11264                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5446181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8580219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5119218                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8527591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5276832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8565529                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5117999                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8564965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5160250                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8550326                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5478298                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8532117                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5268051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8596942                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5308955                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8595325                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4508104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7848014                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4129521                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7816178                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4434155                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7772414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4286398                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7830440                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4245773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7828071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4766665                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7804553                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4319273                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7756621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4595667                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7757830                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2324249                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3933294                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2158019                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2198280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3945493                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2314419                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2002032                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1995300                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2315243                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3952274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2002912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3950904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3666367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2322935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3561114                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2277281                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3504486                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2410781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3528140                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2319679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3551903                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2303575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3209322                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2330648                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3627764                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2403621                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3219648                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2423815                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4508104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7848014                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4129521                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7816178                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4434155                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7772414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4286398                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7830440                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4245773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7828071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4766665                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7804553                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4319273                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7756621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4595667                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7757830                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2228530                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2097437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2097425                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932526                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2228515                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1966374                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1966386                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2228529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1966380                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2889220                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2322935                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2724361                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2277281                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2807001                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2410781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2745733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2319679                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2823920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2303575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2813866                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2330648                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2831548                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2403621                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2770267                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2423815                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5283418                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8103477                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4979044                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8036023                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5099925                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8163137                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4988299                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            8073397                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5010692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            8058758                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5307784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8040549                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5088741                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8157988                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5129781                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8167225                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227916656                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227916652                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227916658                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227916654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227916663                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227916659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227916675                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227916671                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9732208                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11391749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9558612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11358926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9588480                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11397829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          5063968                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11417951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9583778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11406816                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9751726                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11393971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9748912                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11430007                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9756637                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11425841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             13648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             26072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             12965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             26151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             13401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             12025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            12136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26096                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             28818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             26871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             27296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             26873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             27180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             26873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             29038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             26878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             25616                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             26863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            25683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            26984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1            28678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1            26915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            25450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1            26868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             15771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             25125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             16545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             26619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             14607                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             25034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             16379                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             26783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             14588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             24715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            17720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            26920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            12294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            22875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            13527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            23577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         3014627                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         6467656                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         2639159                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         6313066                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         2804902                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         6468425                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         2808528                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         6304747                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         2757501                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         6440223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        2457034                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        6278008                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        3371561                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        6675994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        2961872                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        6622994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      665249     25.26%     25.26% |      657181     24.95%     50.21% |      655713     24.90%     75.11% |      655436     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2633579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      307886     25.57%     25.57% |      298941     24.83%     50.39% |      298669     24.80%     75.20% |      298659     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1204155                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      665274     25.26%     25.26% |      657181     24.95%     50.21% |      655712     24.90%     75.11% |      655436     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2633603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      313744     25.56%     25.56% |      304812     24.83%     50.39% |      304540     24.81%     75.19% |      304530     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1227626                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      349171     25.00%     25.00% |      350049     25.06%     50.06% |      348852     24.98%     75.04% |      348585     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1396657                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      665249     25.26%     25.26% |      657181     24.95%     50.21% |      655713     24.90%     75.11% |      655436     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2633579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      307641     25.56%     25.56% |      298764     24.83%     50.39% |      298492     24.80%     75.20% |      298482     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1203379                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      349171     25.00%     25.00% |      350049     25.06%     50.06% |      348852     24.98%     75.04% |      348585     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1396657                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      665249     25.26%     25.26% |      657181     24.95%     50.21% |      655712     24.90%     75.11% |      655436     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2633578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      307641     25.56%     25.56% |      298764     24.83%     50.39% |      298492     24.80%     75.20% |      298482     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1203379                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6724784     73.04%     73.04% |          34      0.00%     73.04% |      315475      3.43%     76.46% |      310309      3.37%     79.84% |      310305      3.37%     83.21% |      315485      3.43%     86.63% |      305109      3.31%     89.95% |      305096      3.31%     93.26% |      315500      3.43%     96.69% |      305134      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9207231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10460278    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10460278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18885252     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      126724      0.64%     95.69% |      122889      0.62%     96.31% |      122895      0.62%     96.93% |      126738      0.64%     97.56% |      119036      0.60%     98.16% |      119024      0.60%     98.76% |      126721      0.64%     99.40% |      119032      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19868311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26795     10.98%     10.98% |          34      0.01%     10.99% |       27617     11.31%     22.30% |       26406     10.82%     33.12% |       27849     11.41%     44.53% |       26502     10.86%     55.38% |       28707     11.76%     67.14% |       25767     10.55%     77.70% |       28051     11.49%     89.19% |       26402     10.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       244130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026886     20.55%     20.55% |           0      0.00%     20.55% |      506857     10.15%     30.70% |      497466      9.96%     40.66% |      501453     10.04%     50.69% |      510630     10.22%     60.91% |      481252      9.63%     70.55% |      484119      9.69%     80.24% |      506748     10.14%     90.38% |      480600      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4996011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     24.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |          11     14.67%     38.67% |          12     16.00%     54.67% |          19     25.33%     80.00% |          10     13.33%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           5      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        5581     12.05%     12.06% |        6522     14.08%     26.14% |        5201     11.23%     37.37% |        6581     14.21%     51.58% |        6260     13.52%     65.09% |        5425     11.71%     76.81% |        4927     10.64%     87.44% |        5816     12.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232257      9.11%      9.11% |          29      0.00%      9.11% |      294811     11.56%     20.67% |      287543     11.28%     31.95% |      289538     11.35%     43.30% |      294843     11.56%     54.86% |      285594     11.20%     66.06% |      285944     11.21%     77.27% |      293131     11.49%     88.77% |      286440     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2550130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6269     13.53%     13.55% |        5528     11.93%     25.48% |        6766     14.61%     40.09% |        5227     11.29%     51.37% |        4892     10.56%     61.93% |        4983     10.76%     72.69% |        7171     15.48%     88.18% |        5477     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792324     42.06%     42.06% |           0      0.00%     42.06% |      139698      7.42%     49.48% |      138730      7.36%     56.84% |      135592      7.20%     64.04% |      140572      7.46%     71.50% |      132546      7.04%     78.54% |      132385      7.03%     85.57% |      140668      7.47%     93.03% |      131239      6.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1883754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886138     21.93%     21.93% |           0      0.00%     21.93% |      402993      9.97%     31.90% |      393881      9.75%     41.65% |      393635      9.74%     51.39% |      403321      9.98%     61.37% |      384193      9.51%     70.87% |      387719      9.59%     80.47% |      402071      9.95%     90.42% |      387206      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4041157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225171      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      314940     11.65%     19.98% |      309734     11.46%     31.44% |      309799     11.46%     42.90% |      314909     11.65%     54.55% |      304649     11.27%     65.81% |      304607     11.27%     77.08% |      314982     11.65%     88.73% |      304588     11.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664985     40.50%     40.50% |           0      0.00%     40.50% |      125760      7.66%     48.16% |      122015      7.43%     55.59% |      122065      7.43%     63.03% |      125678      7.65%     70.68% |      118341      7.21%     77.89% |      118648      7.23%     85.12% |      125898      7.67%     92.78% |      118485      7.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1641875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11158      8.79%      8.79% |           0      0.00%      8.79% |       14683     11.57%     20.36% |       16142     12.72%     33.07% |       14274     11.24%     44.32% |       14987     11.81%     56.12% |       14111     11.12%     67.24% |       13557     10.68%     77.92% |       14762     11.63%     89.55% |       13265     10.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       126939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7778     94.92%     94.92% |          17      0.21%     95.13% |          61      0.74%     95.88% |          40      0.49%     96.36% |          27      0.33%     96.69% |          52      0.63%     97.33% |          35      0.43%     97.75% |          38      0.46%     98.22% |          79      0.96%     99.18% |          67      0.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         8194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         159     63.86%     63.86% |           0      0.00%     63.86% |          17      6.83%     70.68% |          12      4.82%     75.50% |           5      2.01%     77.51% |           3      1.20%     78.71% |           7      2.81%     81.53% |          19      7.63%     89.16% |          11      4.42%     93.57% |          16      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3390      3.28%      3.28% |           0      0.00%      3.28% |       12716     12.31%     15.60% |       10056      9.74%     25.34% |       13417     12.99%     38.33% |       11295     10.94%     49.27% |       14384     13.93%     63.20% |       12006     11.63%     74.82% |       13073     12.66%     87.48% |       12926     12.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       103263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.50%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |          76      0.30%     97.80% |         107      0.42%     98.22% |          76      0.30%     98.51% |          70      0.27%     98.79% |          46      0.18%     98.97% |          91      0.36%     99.32% |          99      0.39%     99.71% |          75      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10333746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10333746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4580     32.23%     32.23% |           5      0.04%     32.27% |        1117      7.86%     40.13% |        1266      8.91%     49.04% |        1048      7.38%     56.41% |        1018      7.16%     63.58% |        1284      9.04%     72.62% |         977      6.88%     79.49% |        1513     10.65%     90.14% |        1401      9.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122471     38.44%     38.44% |           0      0.00%     38.44% |       24479      7.68%     46.13% |       27300      8.57%     54.70% |       24300      7.63%     62.32% |       25459      7.99%     70.31% |       23901      7.50%     77.82% |       23018      7.23%     85.04% |       25224      7.92%     92.96% |       22429      7.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       318581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3168659     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         379      0.01%     99.92% |         391      0.01%     99.93% |         370      0.01%     99.94% |         425      0.01%     99.96% |         358      0.01%     99.97% |         352      0.01%     99.98% |         296      0.01%     99.99% |         358      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3171588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38452    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10632     16.35%     16.35% |          29      0.04%     16.39% |        7010     10.78%     27.17% |        5921      9.10%     36.27% |        7473     11.49%     47.76% |        6590     10.13%     57.89% |        7195     11.06%     68.96% |        6878     10.57%     79.53% |        6580     10.12%     89.65% |        6734     10.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        65042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182982      7.63%      7.63% |           0      0.00%      7.63% |      282095     11.76%     19.39% |      275004     11.46%     30.85% |      276700     11.53%     42.38% |      281619     11.74%     54.12% |      272012     11.34%     65.46% |      273471     11.40%     76.86% |      281456     11.73%     88.59% |      273812     11.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2399151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5430     12.00%     12.00% |        6347     14.03%     26.03% |        5090     11.25%     37.28% |        6417     14.18%     51.46% |        6140     13.57%     65.04% |        5323     11.77%     76.80% |        4830     10.68%     87.48% |        5666     12.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        45243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3293969    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3293969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18178266     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         923      0.01%     99.97% |         834      0.00%     99.98% |         787      0.00%     99.98% |        1023      0.01%     99.99% |         673      0.00%     99.99% |         349      0.00%     99.99% |         794      0.00%    100.00% |         521      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18184170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         425      1.14%      1.14% |           0      0.00%      1.14% |        4690     12.63%     13.77% |        2983      8.03%     21.80% |        4945     13.31%     35.11% |        3805     10.24%     45.36% |        5992     16.13%     61.49% |        4257     11.46%     72.95% |        5120     13.78%     86.74% |        4927     13.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        37144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703156     42.82%     42.82% |           0      0.00%     42.82% |      120898      7.36%     50.19% |      118877      7.24%     57.43% |      116935      7.12%     64.55% |      121702      7.41%     71.96% |      112181      6.83%     78.79% |      114248      6.96%     85.75% |      120615      7.35%     93.09% |      113394      6.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1642006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     24.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |          11     14.67%     38.67% |          12     16.00%     54.67% |          19     25.33%     80.00% |          10     13.33%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           5      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     39.29%     39.29% |           1      3.57%     42.86% |           6     21.43%     64.29% |           2      7.14%     71.43% |           3     10.71%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           4     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      2.93%      2.93% |           0      0.00%      2.93% |       51874     12.40%     15.33% |       50995     12.19%     27.52% |       54603     13.05%     40.58% |       54695     13.08%     53.66% |       47001     11.24%     64.89% |       48368     11.56%     76.46% |       52227     12.49%     88.94% |       46243     11.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       418263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232257      9.11%      9.11% |          29      0.00%      9.11% |      294804     11.56%     20.67% |      287543     11.28%     31.95% |      289533     11.35%     43.30% |      294842     11.56%     54.86% |      285591     11.20%     66.06% |      285944     11.21%     77.27% |      293130     11.49%     88.77% |      286436     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2550109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6269     13.53%     13.55% |        5528     11.93%     25.48% |        6766     14.61%     40.09% |        5227     11.29%     51.37% |        4892     10.56%     61.93% |        4983     10.76%     72.69% |        7171     15.48%     88.18% |        5477     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127180     52.64%     52.64% |           0      0.00%     52.64% |       13917      5.76%     58.40% |       16702      6.91%     65.31% |       13521      5.60%     70.90% |       14890      6.16%     77.07% |       14198      5.88%     82.94% |       13718      5.68%     88.62% |       14759      6.11%     94.73% |       12738      5.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       241623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      2.29%      2.29% |           0      0.00%      2.29% |       14791     12.89%     15.18% |       15232     13.28%     28.46% |       15494     13.50%     41.96% |       15857     13.82%     55.79% |       11772     10.26%     66.05% |       13008     11.34%     77.38% |       14153     12.34%     89.72% |       11796     10.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       114733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665144     40.51%     40.51% |           0      0.00%     40.51% |      125777      7.66%     48.16% |      122027      7.43%     55.60% |      122070      7.43%     63.03% |      125681      7.65%     70.68% |      118348      7.21%     77.89% |      118667      7.23%     85.12% |      125909      7.67%     92.78% |      118501      7.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1642124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           4     28.57%     71.43% |           3     21.43%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           5     23.81%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           3     14.29%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4219     94.68%     94.68% |           0      0.00%     94.68% |          19      0.43%     95.11% |          37      0.83%     95.94% |          33      0.74%     96.68% |          29      0.65%     97.33% |          21      0.47%     97.80% |           8      0.18%     97.98% |          44      0.99%     98.97% |          46      1.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     95.07%     95.07% |           0      0.00%     95.07% |          24      0.68%     95.74% |          28      0.79%     96.53% |          38      1.07%     97.60% |          34      0.96%     98.56% |          15      0.42%     98.99% |           8      0.23%     99.21% |          18      0.51%     99.72% |          10      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         106     13.80%     13.80% |          93     12.11%     25.91% |         103     13.41%     39.32% |         100     13.02%     52.34% |         122     15.89%     68.23% |          98     12.76%     80.99% |          75      9.77%     90.76% |          71      9.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         151     14.11%     14.11% |         175     16.36%     30.47% |         111     10.37%     40.84% |         164     15.33%     56.17% |         120     11.21%     67.38% |         102      9.53%     76.92% |          97      9.07%     85.98% |         150     14.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886138     21.94%     21.94% |           0      0.00%     21.94% |      402736      9.97%     31.91% |      393613      9.74%     41.65% |      393421      9.74%     51.39% |      403057      9.98%     61.37% |      383951      9.51%     70.88% |      387519      9.59%     80.47% |      401899      9.95%     90.42% |      386985      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4039319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         257     13.98%     13.98% |         268     14.58%     28.56% |         214     11.64%     40.21% |         264     14.36%     54.57% |         242     13.17%     67.74% |         200     10.88%     78.62% |         172      9.36%     87.98% |         221     12.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1838                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3919      3.09%      3.09% |        3796      3.00%      6.09% |        3523      2.78%      8.87% |        3536      2.79%     11.66% |        3622      2.86%     14.52% |        4088      3.23%     17.75% |        3809      3.01%     20.75% |        3374      2.66%     23.42% |        3696      2.92%     26.33% |        5221      4.12%     30.45% |        4048      3.20%     33.65% |        3864      3.05%     36.70% |        3755      2.96%     39.66% |        4414      3.48%     43.15% |        3939      3.11%     46.26% |        3830      3.02%     49.28% |        4251      3.36%     52.63% |        4222      3.33%     55.97% |        3698      2.92%     58.89% |        3349      2.64%     61.53% |        3126      2.47%     64.00% |        3780      2.98%     66.98% |        3576      2.82%     69.80% |        3426      2.70%     72.51% |        3684      2.91%     75.41% |        3832      3.02%     78.44% |        3312      2.61%     81.05% |        4755      3.75%     84.81% |        4040      3.19%     88.00% |        5400      4.26%     92.26% |        5242      4.14%     96.40% |        4567      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158817      5.85%      5.85% |       82751      3.05%      8.90% |       81477      3.00%     11.90% |       82599      3.04%     14.94% |       81777      3.01%     17.95% |       81642      3.01%     20.96% |       81105      2.99%     23.95% |       81083      2.99%     26.93% |       81311      2.99%     29.93% |       81625      3.01%     32.93% |       83430      3.07%     36.01% |       82823      3.05%     39.06% |       81781      3.01%     42.07% |       81726      3.01%     45.08% |       81028      2.98%     48.06% |       81122      2.99%     51.05% |       82006      3.02%     54.07% |       81528      3.00%     57.07% |       81868      3.02%     60.09% |       82077      3.02%     63.11% |       81956      3.02%     66.13% |       90485      3.33%     69.46% |       88793      3.27%     72.73% |       81445      3.00%     75.73% |       81448      3.00%     78.73% |       82049      3.02%     81.75% |       81359      3.00%     84.75% |       81173      2.99%     87.74% |       81843      3.01%     90.75% |       81184      2.99%     93.74% |       82015      3.02%     96.76% |       87898      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715224                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64724      3.94%      3.94% |       50565      3.08%      7.02% |       50551      3.08%     10.09% |       51554      3.14%     13.23% |       50304      3.06%     16.29% |       50116      3.05%     19.35% |       50371      3.07%     22.41% |       49902      3.04%     25.45% |       50079      3.05%     28.50% |       50410      3.07%     31.57% |       50522      3.08%     34.64% |       50055      3.05%     37.69% |       49925      3.04%     40.73% |       50482      3.07%     43.80% |       49804      3.03%     46.83% |       49906      3.04%     49.87% |       49963      3.04%     52.91% |       50433      3.07%     55.98% |       50400      3.07%     59.05% |       50388      3.07%     62.11% |       50683      3.09%     65.20% |       56906      3.46%     68.66% |       51993      3.16%     71.83% |       50240      3.06%     74.89% |       50632      3.08%     77.97% |       50249      3.06%     81.03% |       50591      3.08%     84.11% |       50565      3.08%     87.18% |       51078      3.11%     90.29% |       50893      3.10%     93.39% |       53608      3.26%     96.65% |       54977      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1642869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213904      5.29%      5.29% |      124087      3.07%      8.36% |      122792      3.04%     11.39% |      124899      3.09%     14.48% |      122863      3.04%     17.52% |      122255      3.02%     20.54% |      122276      3.02%     23.57% |      121637      3.01%     26.57% |      122032      3.02%     29.59% |      122686      3.03%     32.63% |      124209      3.07%     35.70% |      123181      3.05%     38.74% |      121711      3.01%     41.75% |      122183      3.02%     44.77% |      120713      2.98%     47.76% |      120690      2.98%     50.74% |      121749      3.01%     53.75% |      121798      3.01%     56.76% |      122032      3.02%     59.78% |      122239      3.02%     62.80% |      122218      3.02%     65.83% |      136702      3.38%     69.21% |      130440      3.23%     72.43% |      121190      3.00%     75.43% |      121642      3.01%     78.44% |      122257      3.02%     81.46% |      122025      3.02%     84.48% |      121994      3.02%     87.49% |      123408      3.05%     90.54% |      122718      3.03%     93.58% |      126281      3.12%     96.70% |      133420      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4044231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          54      3.89%      3.89% |          61      4.39%      8.29% |          41      2.95%     11.24% |          43      3.10%     14.34% |          46      3.31%     17.65% |          40      2.88%     20.53% |          33      2.38%     22.91% |          39      2.81%     25.72% |          50      3.60%     29.32% |          28      2.02%     31.34% |          37      2.67%     34.01% |          41      2.95%     36.96% |          56      4.03%     40.99% |          49      3.53%     44.52% |          47      3.39%     47.91% |          43      3.10%     51.01% |          20      1.44%     52.45% |          34      2.45%     54.90% |          34      2.45%     57.35% |          57      4.11%     61.46% |          56      4.03%     65.49% |          64      4.61%     70.10% |          51      3.67%     73.78% |          47      3.39%     77.16% |          30      2.16%     79.32% |          43      3.10%     82.42% |          37      2.67%     85.09% |          59      4.25%     89.34% |          38      2.74%     92.07% |          46      3.31%     95.39% |          26      1.87%     97.26% |          38      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45417      3.84%      3.84% |       36725      3.11%      6.95% |       36602      3.10%     10.05% |       36578      3.09%     13.14% |       36598      3.10%     16.24% |       36592      3.10%     19.33% |       36648      3.10%     22.43% |       36620      3.10%     25.53% |       36778      3.11%     28.64% |       36696      3.10%     31.75% |       36637      3.10%     34.85% |       36619      3.10%     37.94% |       36667      3.10%     41.05% |       36678      3.10%     44.15% |       36707      3.11%     47.25% |       36739      3.11%     50.36% |       36783      3.11%     53.47% |       36660      3.10%     56.58% |       36587      3.10%     59.67% |       36520      3.09%     62.76% |       36604      3.10%     65.86% |       36548      3.09%     68.95% |       36626      3.10%     72.05% |       36642      3.10%     75.15% |       36796      3.11%     78.26% |       36760      3.11%     81.37% |       36636      3.10%     84.47% |       36618      3.10%     87.57% |       36715      3.11%     90.67% |       36731      3.11%     93.78% |       36766      3.11%     96.89% |       36753      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1182046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44484      3.14%      3.14% |       44445      3.13%      6.27% |       44333      3.13%      9.40% |       44179      3.12%     12.51% |       44276      3.12%     15.64% |       44329      3.13%     18.76% |       44298      3.12%     21.89% |       44480      3.14%     25.02% |       44509      3.14%     28.16% |       44580      3.14%     31.31% |       44547      3.14%     34.45% |       44368      3.13%     37.58% |       44548      3.14%     40.72% |       44489      3.14%     43.86% |       44397      3.13%     46.99% |       44439      3.13%     50.12% |       44255      3.12%     53.24% |       44368      3.13%     56.37% |       44074      3.11%     59.48% |       44007      3.10%     62.58% |       44219      3.12%     65.70% |       44559      3.14%     68.84% |       44169      3.11%     71.96% |       44124      3.11%     75.07% |       44075      3.11%     78.18% |       44249      3.12%     81.30% |       44011      3.10%     84.40% |       44003      3.10%     87.50% |       44090      3.11%     90.61% |       44406      3.13%     93.75% |       44309      3.12%     96.87% |       44382      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1418001                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       91014      3.46%      3.46% |       82217      3.12%      6.58% |       81981      3.11%      9.69% |       81804      3.11%     12.80% |       81920      3.11%     15.91% |       81967      3.11%     19.02% |       81992      3.11%     22.13% |       82145      3.12%     25.25% |       82333      3.13%     28.38% |       82322      3.13%     31.50% |       82230      3.12%     34.63% |       82033      3.11%     37.74% |       82262      3.12%     40.87% |       82213      3.12%     43.99% |       82150      3.12%     47.11% |       82223      3.12%     50.23% |       82085      3.12%     53.35% |       82074      3.12%     56.46% |       81707      3.10%     59.56% |       81573      3.10%     62.66% |       81868      3.11%     65.77% |       82151      3.12%     68.89% |       81840      3.11%     72.00% |       81812      3.11%     75.10% |       81917      3.11%     78.21% |       82054      3.12%     81.33% |       81693      3.10%     84.43% |       81666      3.10%     87.53% |       81850      3.11%     90.64% |       82182      3.12%     93.76% |       82119      3.12%     96.88% |       82180      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2633577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       89990      3.46%      3.46% |       81193      3.12%      6.58% |       80957      3.11%      9.69% |       80780      3.11%     12.80% |       80896      3.11%     15.91% |       80943      3.11%     19.02% |       80968      3.11%     22.14% |       81121      3.12%     25.26% |       81309      3.13%     28.38% |       81298      3.13%     31.51% |       81206      3.12%     34.63% |       81009      3.11%     37.74% |       81238      3.12%     40.87% |       81189      3.12%     43.99% |       81126      3.12%     47.11% |       81199      3.12%     50.23% |       81061      3.12%     53.35% |       81050      3.12%     56.46% |       80683      3.10%     59.57% |       80549      3.10%     62.66% |       80844      3.11%     65.77% |       81127      3.12%     68.89% |       80817      3.11%     72.00% |       80788      3.11%     75.11% |       80893      3.11%     78.22% |       81031      3.12%     81.33% |       80669      3.10%     84.43% |       80642      3.10%     87.53% |       80826      3.11%     90.64% |       81159      3.12%     93.76% |       81095      3.12%     96.88% |       81156      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2600812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1242      3.31%      3.31% |        1143      3.04%      6.35% |        1181      3.15%      9.50% |        1203      3.20%     12.70% |        1166      3.11%     15.81% |        1157      3.08%     18.89% |        1123      2.99%     21.88% |        1156      3.08%     24.96% |        1165      3.10%     28.07% |        1122      2.99%     31.06% |        1198      3.19%     34.25% |        1178      3.14%     37.39% |        1150      3.06%     40.45% |        1168      3.11%     43.56% |        1112      2.96%     46.52% |        1167      3.11%     49.63% |        1140      3.04%     52.67% |        1135      3.02%     55.69% |        1184      3.15%     58.85% |        1227      3.27%     62.12% |        1239      3.30%     65.42% |        1295      3.45%     68.87% |        1173      3.12%     71.99% |        1185      3.16%     75.15% |        1150      3.06%     78.21% |        1141      3.04%     81.25% |        1199      3.19%     84.45% |        1211      3.23%     87.67% |        1154      3.07%     90.75% |        1181      3.15%     93.89% |        1137      3.03%     96.92% |        1156      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        37538                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1442      3.09%      3.09% |        1386      2.97%      6.06% |        1408      3.02%      9.07% |        1364      2.92%     11.99% |        1441      3.09%     15.08% |        1418      3.04%     18.12% |        1366      2.93%     21.04% |        1301      2.79%     23.83% |        1357      2.91%     26.73% |        1343      2.88%     29.61% |        1432      3.07%     32.68% |        1436      3.08%     35.75% |        1533      3.28%     39.04% |        1512      3.24%     42.27% |        1454      3.11%     45.39% |        1384      2.96%     48.35% |        1403      3.00%     51.36% |        1469      3.15%     54.50% |        1557      3.33%     57.84% |        1583      3.39%     61.23% |        1614      3.46%     64.69% |        1542      3.30%     67.99% |        1567      3.36%     71.34% |        1469      3.15%     74.49% |        1518      3.25%     77.74% |        1465      3.14%     80.88% |        1522      3.26%     84.14% |        1509      3.23%     87.37% |        1537      3.29%     90.66% |        1498      3.21%     93.87% |        1472      3.15%     97.02% |        1390      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        46692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1925      3.01%      3.01% |        1832      2.86%      5.87% |        1854      2.89%      8.76% |        1783      2.78%     11.54% |        1873      2.92%     14.47% |        1811      2.83%     17.30% |        1858      2.90%     20.20% |        1818      2.84%     23.03% |        1914      2.99%     26.02% |        1884      2.94%     28.96% |        1988      3.10%     32.07% |        1981      3.09%     35.16% |        2173      3.39%     38.55% |        2127      3.32%     41.87% |        2137      3.34%     45.21% |        2109      3.29%     48.50% |        2181      3.41%     51.91% |        2085      3.26%     55.16% |        2163      3.38%     58.54% |        2119      3.31%     61.85% |        2215      3.46%     65.31% |        2152      3.36%     68.67% |        2202      3.44%     72.10% |        2133      3.33%     75.43% |        2206      3.44%     78.88% |        2024      3.16%     82.04% |        2050      3.20%     85.24% |        1936      3.02%     88.26% |        1946      3.04%     91.30% |        1840      2.87%     94.17% |        1911      2.98%     97.16% |        1822      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        64052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4428      3.11%      3.11% |        4251      2.99%      6.10% |        4291      3.02%      9.12% |        4220      2.97%     12.09% |        4279      3.01%     15.10% |        4199      2.95%     18.05% |        4325      3.04%     21.10% |        4332      3.05%     24.14% |        4383      3.08%     27.23% |        4279      3.01%     30.24% |        4521      3.18%     33.42% |        4432      3.12%     36.53% |        4653      3.27%     39.81% |        4455      3.13%     42.94% |        4588      3.23%     46.17% |        4614      3.25%     49.41% |        4599      3.23%     52.65% |        4507      3.17%     55.82% |        4538      3.19%     59.01% |        4443      3.13%     62.14% |        4504      3.17%     65.30% |        4626      3.25%     68.56% |        4604      3.24%     71.80% |        4607      3.24%     75.04% |        4707      3.31%     78.35% |        4539      3.19%     81.54% |        4484      3.15%     84.70% |        4337      3.05%     87.75% |        4316      3.04%     90.78% |        4326      3.04%     93.82% |        4395      3.09%     96.92% |        4384      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       142166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1428      3.08%      3.08% |        1370      2.96%      6.04% |        1398      3.02%      9.06% |        1350      2.91%     11.97% |        1434      3.10%     15.07% |        1409      3.04%     18.11% |        1355      2.93%     21.04% |        1291      2.79%     23.82% |        1340      2.89%     26.72% |        1337      2.89%     29.60% |        1420      3.07%     32.67% |        1424      3.07%     35.74% |        1520      3.28%     39.03% |        1499      3.24%     42.26% |        1440      3.11%     45.37% |        1377      2.97%     48.34% |        1398      3.02%     51.36% |        1458      3.15%     54.51% |        1550      3.35%     57.86% |        1568      3.39%     61.24% |        1599      3.45%     64.69% |        1529      3.30%     68.00% |        1552      3.35%     71.35% |        1458      3.15%     74.49% |        1507      3.25%     77.75% |        1454      3.14%     80.89% |        1512      3.26%     84.15% |        1489      3.21%     87.37% |        1525      3.29%     90.66% |        1483      3.20%     93.86% |        1463      3.16%     97.02% |        1381      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218706      5.22%      5.22% |      128631      3.07%      8.29% |      127457      3.04%     11.33% |      129539      3.09%     14.42% |      127489      3.04%     17.46% |      126824      3.03%     20.48% |      126832      3.03%     23.51% |      126164      3.01%     26.52% |      126543      3.02%     29.53% |      127081      3.03%     32.57% |      128973      3.08%     35.64% |      127776      3.05%     38.69% |      126325      3.01%     41.70% |      126670      3.02%     44.73% |      125277      2.99%     47.71% |      125254      2.99%     50.70% |      126255      3.01%     53.71% |      126333      3.01%     56.73% |      126691      3.02%     59.75% |      126920      3.03%     62.78% |      126939      3.03%     65.80% |      141491      3.38%     69.18% |      135175      3.22%     72.40% |      125886      3.00%     75.41% |      126329      3.01%     78.42% |      126868      3.03%     81.45% |      126715      3.02%     84.47% |      126681      3.02%     87.49% |      128079      3.06%     90.55% |      127369      3.04%     93.58% |      130921      3.12%     96.71% |      138079      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4192272                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         506      3.20%      3.20% |         451      2.85%      6.05% |         452      2.86%      8.91% |         447      2.83%     11.74% |         475      3.00%     14.74% |         429      2.71%     17.46% |         467      2.95%     20.41% |         490      3.10%     23.51% |         522      3.30%     26.81% |         451      2.85%     29.67% |         482      3.05%     32.72% |         494      3.12%     35.84% |         592      3.74%     39.59% |         513      3.24%     42.83% |         500      3.16%     45.99% |         506      3.20%     49.19% |         507      3.21%     52.40% |         526      3.33%     55.73% |         519      3.28%     59.01% |         480      3.04%     62.05% |         463      2.93%     64.98% |         502      3.18%     68.15% |         472      2.99%     71.14% |         452      2.86%     74.00% |         514      3.25%     77.25% |         557      3.52%     80.77% |         503      3.18%     83.95% |         458      2.90%     86.85% |         456      2.88%     89.73% |         554      3.50%     93.24% |         547      3.46%     96.70% |         522      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52803      3.73%      3.73% |       44186      3.12%      6.85% |       44079      3.11%      9.96% |       43911      3.10%     13.06% |       43976      3.10%     16.16% |       44082      3.11%     19.27% |       44019      3.11%     22.38% |       44172      3.12%     25.50% |       44171      3.12%     28.62% |       44354      3.13%     31.75% |       44234      3.12%     34.87% |       44043      3.11%     37.98% |       44131      3.12%     41.10% |       44150      3.12%     44.21% |       44092      3.11%     47.33% |       44098      3.11%     50.44% |       43961      3.10%     53.54% |       44005      3.11%     56.65% |       43746      3.09%     59.74% |       43692      3.08%     62.82% |       43863      3.10%     65.92% |       44163      3.12%     69.04% |       43885      3.10%     72.13% |       43844      3.10%     75.23% |       43778      3.09%     78.32% |       43895      3.10%     81.42% |       43697      3.08%     84.50% |       43711      3.09%     87.59% |       43843      3.10%     90.68% |       44022      3.11%     93.79% |       43936      3.10%     96.89% |       44014      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1416556                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37705      3.14%      3.14% |       37580      3.13%      6.27% |       37450      3.12%      9.39% |       37446      3.12%     12.50% |       37469      3.12%     15.62% |       37456      3.12%     18.74% |       37506      3.12%     21.86% |       37483      3.12%     24.98% |       37640      3.13%     28.12% |       37517      3.12%     31.24% |       37514      3.12%     34.36% |       37496      3.12%     37.48% |       37539      3.13%     40.61% |       37550      3.13%     43.73% |       37558      3.13%     46.86% |       37619      3.13%     49.99% |       37617      3.13%     53.12% |       37543      3.13%     56.25% |       37442      3.12%     59.37% |       37401      3.11%     62.48% |       37542      3.13%     65.61% |       37486      3.12%     68.73% |       37484      3.12%     71.85% |       37516      3.12%     74.97% |       37625      3.13%     78.10% |       37603      3.13%     81.23% |       37493      3.12%     84.35% |       37498      3.12%     87.48% |       37551      3.13%     90.60% |       37606      3.13%     93.73% |       37636      3.13%     96.87% |       37644      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1201215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          27      4.15%      4.15% |          31      4.77%      8.92% |          19      2.92%     11.85% |          20      3.08%     14.92% |          23      3.54%     18.46% |          20      3.08%     21.54% |          16      2.46%     24.00% |          18      2.77%     26.77% |          25      3.85%     30.62% |          12      1.85%     32.46% |          17      2.62%     35.08% |          20      3.08%     38.15% |          26      4.00%     42.15% |          23      3.54%     45.69% |          21      3.23%     48.92% |          20      3.08%     52.00% |           7      1.08%     53.08% |          13      2.00%     55.08% |          14      2.15%     57.23% |          26      4.00%     61.23% |          26      4.00%     65.23% |          30      4.62%     69.85% |          25      3.85%     73.69% |          22      3.38%     77.08% |          13      2.00%     79.08% |          18      2.77%     81.85% |          18      2.77%     84.62% |          28      4.31%     88.92% |          19      2.92%     91.85% |          23      3.54%     95.38% |          12      1.85%     97.23% |          18      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          650                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3901      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.32% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2508      3.01%      3.01% |        2381      2.86%      5.87% |        2288      2.75%      8.62% |        2400      2.88%     11.51% |        2345      2.82%     14.32% |        2667      3.20%     17.53% |        2302      2.77%     20.29% |        2435      2.93%     23.22% |        2353      2.83%     26.05% |        2455      2.95%     29.00% |        2383      2.86%     31.86% |        2482      2.98%     34.84% |        2556      3.07%     37.91% |        2719      3.27%     41.18% |        2680      3.22%     44.40% |        2833      3.40%     47.80% |        2745      3.30%     51.10% |        2819      3.39%     54.49% |        2759      3.31%     57.80% |        2795      3.36%     61.16% |        2784      3.34%     64.51% |        2884      3.47%     67.97% |        2755      3.31%     71.28% |        2916      3.50%     74.78% |        2849      3.42%     78.21% |        2807      3.37%     81.58% |        2644      3.18%     84.76% |        2661      3.20%     87.95% |        2553      3.07%     91.02% |        2496      3.00%     94.02% |        2448      2.94%     96.96% |        2530      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        83232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          16      1.55%      1.55% |          24      2.33%      3.89% |          19      1.85%      5.73% |          15      1.46%      7.19% |          14      1.36%      8.55% |          28      2.72%     11.27% |          24      2.33%     13.61% |          28      2.72%     16.33% |          33      3.21%     19.53% |          31      3.01%     22.55% |          23      2.24%     24.78% |          35      3.40%     28.18% |          32      3.11%     31.29% |          47      4.57%     35.86% |          39      3.79%     39.65% |          37      3.60%     43.25% |          43      4.18%     47.42% |          31      3.01%     50.44% |          42      4.08%     54.52% |          44      4.28%     58.79% |          37      3.60%     62.39% |          37      3.60%     65.99% |          51      4.96%     70.94% |          28      2.72%     73.66% |          40      3.89%     77.55% |          34      3.30%     80.86% |          37      3.60%     84.45% |          45      4.37%     88.82% |          29      2.82%     91.64% |          33      3.21%     94.85% |          29      2.82%     97.67% |          24      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2335      3.03%      3.03% |        2239      2.90%      5.93% |        2231      2.89%      8.83% |        2181      2.83%     11.65% |        2265      2.94%     14.59% |        2205      2.86%     17.45% |        2243      2.91%     20.36% |        2259      2.93%     23.29% |        2348      3.05%     26.34% |        2276      2.95%     29.29% |        2376      3.08%     32.37% |        2419      3.14%     35.51% |        2666      3.46%     38.96% |        2557      3.32%     42.28% |        2529      3.28%     45.56% |        2539      3.29%     48.85% |        2565      3.33%     52.18% |        2530      3.28%     55.46% |        2563      3.32%     58.79% |        2513      3.26%     62.04% |        2561      3.32%     65.37% |        2562      3.32%     68.69% |        2541      3.30%     71.98% |        2498      3.24%     75.22% |        2601      3.37%     78.60% |        2499      3.24%     81.84% |        2433      3.16%     84.99% |        2313      3.00%     87.99% |        2295      2.98%     90.97% |        2332      3.02%     94.00% |        2349      3.05%     97.04% |        2281      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        77104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101596      8.84%      8.84% |       34313      2.98%     11.82% |       33228      2.89%     14.71% |       34473      3.00%     17.71% |       33591      2.92%     20.63% |       33014      2.87%     23.51% |       32885      2.86%     26.37% |       32602      2.84%     29.20% |       32828      2.86%     32.06% |       32859      2.86%     34.92% |       34736      3.02%     37.94% |       34230      2.98%     40.92% |       32885      2.86%     43.78% |       32645      2.84%     46.62% |       32040      2.79%     49.41% |       31986      2.78%     52.19% |       33068      2.88%     55.06% |       32530      2.83%     57.89% |       33120      2.88%     60.78% |       33377      2.90%     63.68% |       33035      2.87%     66.55% |       41077      3.57%     70.13% |       39886      3.47%     73.60% |       32450      2.82%     76.42% |       32567      2.83%     79.25% |       33273      2.89%     82.15% |       32908      2.86%     85.01% |       32815      2.85%     87.86% |       33504      2.91%     90.78% |       32778      2.85%     93.63% |       33743      2.94%     96.56% |       39487      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1149529                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26999      6.12%      6.12% |       12962      2.94%      9.07% |       13082      2.97%     12.03% |       14090      3.20%     15.23% |       12810      2.91%     18.14% |       12643      2.87%     21.00% |       12851      2.92%     23.92% |       12401      2.81%     26.73% |       12414      2.82%     29.55% |       12875      2.92%     32.47% |       12993      2.95%     35.42% |       12536      2.84%     38.26% |       12352      2.80%     41.06% |       12906      2.93%     43.99% |       12224      2.77%     46.76% |       12264      2.78%     49.55% |       12323      2.80%     52.34% |       12867      2.92%     55.26% |       12932      2.93%     58.19% |       12970      2.94%     61.14% |       13042      2.96%     64.09% |       19338      4.39%     68.48% |       14481      3.29%     71.77% |       12701      2.88%     74.65% |       12970      2.94%     77.59% |       12622      2.86%     80.45% |       13061      2.96%     83.42% |       13051      2.96%     86.38% |       13517      3.07%     89.44% |       13274      3.01%     92.45% |       15948      3.62%     96.07% |       17315      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       440814                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44901      3.85%      3.85% |       36230      3.11%      6.96% |       36063      3.09%     10.05% |       36022      3.09%     13.14% |       36077      3.09%     16.24% |       36073      3.09%     19.33% |       36166      3.10%     22.43% |       36119      3.10%     25.53% |       36269      3.11%     28.64% |       36195      3.10%     31.75% |       36126      3.10%     34.85% |       36096      3.10%     37.94% |       36168      3.10%     41.04% |       36170      3.10%     44.15% |       36230      3.11%     47.25% |       36238      3.11%     50.36% |       36284      3.11%     53.47% |       36205      3.11%     56.58% |       36069      3.09%     59.67% |       35995      3.09%     62.76% |       36094      3.10%     65.86% |       36028      3.09%     68.95% |       36129      3.10%     72.05% |       36136      3.10%     75.15% |       36278      3.11%     78.26% |       36279      3.11%     81.37% |       36099      3.10%     84.47% |       36093      3.10%     87.56% |       36204      3.11%     90.67% |       36225      3.11%     93.77% |       36288      3.11%     96.89% |       36286      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1165835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39372      3.14%      3.14% |       39530      3.15%      6.29% |       39390      3.14%      9.43% |       39298      3.13%     12.57% |       39345      3.14%     15.70% |       39483      3.15%     18.85% |       39321      3.14%     21.99% |       39483      3.15%     25.13% |       39453      3.15%     28.28% |       39675      3.16%     31.44% |       39326      3.14%     34.58% |       39269      3.13%     37.71% |       39231      3.13%     40.84% |       39361      3.14%     43.98% |       39160      3.12%     47.10% |       39151      3.12%     50.22% |       39010      3.11%     53.33% |       39170      3.12%     56.45% |       38863      3.10%     59.55% |       38847      3.10%     62.65% |       38970      3.11%     65.76% |       39143      3.12%     68.88% |       38874      3.10%     71.98% |       38828      3.10%     75.07% |       38725      3.09%     78.16% |       39039      3.11%     81.27% |       38855      3.10%     84.37% |       38960      3.11%     87.48% |       39118      3.12%     90.60% |       39390      3.14%     93.74% |       39244      3.13%     96.87% |       39299      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1254183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1428      3.08%      3.08% |        1370      2.96%      6.04% |        1398      3.02%      9.06% |        1350      2.91%     11.97% |        1434      3.10%     15.07% |        1409      3.04%     18.11% |        1355      2.93%     21.04% |        1291      2.79%     23.82% |        1340      2.89%     26.72% |        1337      2.89%     29.60% |        1420      3.07%     32.67% |        1424      3.07%     35.74% |        1520      3.28%     39.03% |        1499      3.24%     42.26% |        1440      3.11%     45.37% |        1377      2.97%     48.34% |        1398      3.02%     51.36% |        1458      3.15%     54.51% |        1550      3.35%     57.86% |        1568      3.39%     61.24% |        1599      3.45%     64.69% |        1529      3.30%     68.00% |        1552      3.35%     71.35% |        1458      3.15%     74.49% |        1507      3.25%     77.75% |        1454      3.14%     80.89% |        1512      3.26%     84.15% |        1489      3.21%     87.37% |        1525      3.29%     90.66% |        1483      3.20%     93.86% |        1463      3.16%     97.02% |        1381      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           3      4.00%      4.00% |           7      9.33%     13.33% |           2      2.67%     16.00% |           4      5.33%     21.33% |           3      4.00%     25.33% |           0      0.00%     25.33% |           3      4.00%     29.33% |           3      4.00%     33.33% |           3      4.00%     37.33% |           0      0.00%     37.33% |           0      0.00%     37.33% |           0      0.00%     37.33% |           0      0.00%     37.33% |           0      0.00%     37.33% |           2      2.67%     40.00% |           1      1.33%     41.33% |           2      2.67%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           3      4.00%     48.00% |           2      2.67%     50.67% |           5      6.67%     57.33% |           1      1.33%     58.67% |           6      8.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           3      4.00%     70.67% |           2      2.67%     73.33% |           7      9.33%     82.67% |           3      4.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2      2.67%     89.33% |           5      6.67%     96.00% |           3      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213802      5.29%      5.29% |      123962      3.07%      8.36% |      122691      3.04%     11.40% |      124803      3.09%     14.49% |      122753      3.04%     17.53% |      122131      3.02%     20.55% |      122144      3.02%     23.58% |      121501      3.01%     26.58% |      121874      3.02%     29.60% |      122497      3.03%     32.63% |      124094      3.07%     35.71% |      123030      3.05%     38.75% |      121551      3.01%     41.76% |      121976      3.02%     44.78% |      120553      2.98%     47.76% |      120506      2.98%     50.75% |      121573      3.01%     53.76% |      121643      3.01%     56.77% |      121881      3.02%     59.79% |      122077      3.02%     62.81% |      122037      3.02%     65.83% |      136483      3.38%     69.21% |      130264      3.22%     72.43% |      121009      3.00%     75.43% |      121445      3.01%     78.44% |      122103      3.02%     81.46% |      121832      3.02%     84.48% |      121821      3.02%     87.49% |      123262      3.05%     90.54% |      122576      3.03%     93.58% |      126147      3.12%     96.70% |      133298      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4039319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         515      3.18%      3.18% |         494      3.05%      6.23% |         538      3.32%      9.55% |         555      3.43%     12.98% |         521      3.22%     16.20% |         516      3.19%     19.39% |         480      2.96%     22.35% |         501      3.09%     25.45% |         509      3.14%     28.59% |         500      3.09%     31.68% |         511      3.16%     34.83% |         523      3.23%     38.06% |         498      3.08%     41.14% |         508      3.14%     44.28% |         476      2.94%     47.22% |         501      3.09%     50.31% |         499      3.08%     53.39% |         455      2.81%     56.20% |         517      3.19%     59.40% |         525      3.24%     62.64% |         510      3.15%     65.79% |         518      3.20%     68.99% |         497      3.07%     72.06% |         506      3.13%     75.18% |         516      3.19%     78.37% |         481      2.97%     81.34% |         536      3.31%     84.65% |         525      3.24%     87.89% |         511      3.16%     91.05% |         506      3.13%     94.18% |         478      2.95%     97.13% |         465      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        16191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2777      3.20%      3.20% |        2676      3.09%      6.29% |        2712      3.13%      9.42% |        2700      3.11%     12.53% |        2666      3.07%     15.61% |        2641      3.05%     18.65% |        2734      3.15%     21.81% |        2737      3.16%     24.96% |        2708      3.12%     28.09% |        2629      3.03%     31.12% |        2844      3.28%     34.40% |        2680      3.09%     37.49% |        2651      3.06%     40.55% |        2571      2.97%     43.51% |        2708      3.12%     46.63% |        2748      3.17%     49.80% |        2680      3.09%     52.89% |        2668      3.08%     55.97% |        2648      3.05%     59.03% |        2647      3.05%     62.08% |        2687      3.10%     65.18% |        2852      3.29%     68.47% |        2754      3.18%     71.64% |        2798      3.23%     74.87% |        2749      3.17%     78.04% |        2711      3.13%     81.17% |        2723      3.14%     84.31% |        2730      3.15%     87.46% |        2676      3.09%     90.54% |        2684      3.10%     93.64% |        2714      3.13%     96.77% |        2801      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     10.71%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |          46     23.47%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |           0      0.00%     34.18% |          42     21.43%     55.61% |          45     22.96%     78.57% |          42     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          24      1.92%      1.92% |          26      2.08%      4.00% |          32      2.56%      6.57% |          33      2.64%      9.21% |          21      1.68%     10.89% |          24      1.92%     12.81% |          32      2.56%     15.37% |          24      1.92%     17.29% |          34      2.72%     20.02% |          36      2.88%     22.90% |          76      6.08%     28.98% |          40      3.20%     32.19% |          32      2.56%     34.75% |          34      2.72%     37.47% |          33      2.64%     40.11% |          41      3.28%     43.39% |          46      3.68%     47.08% |          46      3.68%     50.76% |          41      3.28%     54.04% |          26      2.08%     56.12% |          30      2.40%     58.53% |         147     11.77%     70.30% |          53      4.24%     74.54% |          61      4.88%     79.42% |          51      4.08%     83.51% |          29      2.32%     85.83% |          52      4.16%     89.99% |          27      2.16%     92.15% |          26      2.08%     94.24% |          22      1.76%     96.00% |          23      1.84%     97.84% |          27      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1249                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          16      2.35%      2.35% |          14      2.05%      4.40% |          16      2.35%      6.74% |          13      1.91%      8.65% |          22      3.23%     11.88% |          16      2.35%     14.22% |          11      1.61%     15.84% |          15      2.20%     18.04% |          22      3.23%     21.26% |          16      2.35%     23.61% |          15      2.20%     25.81% |          23      3.37%     29.18% |          29      4.25%     33.43% |          26      3.81%     37.24% |          20      2.93%     40.18% |          22      3.23%     43.40% |          21      3.08%     46.48% |          23      3.37%     49.85% |          19      2.79%     52.64% |          14      2.05%     54.69% |          80     11.73%     66.42% |          32      4.69%     71.11% |          22      3.23%     74.34% |          23      3.37%     77.71% |          32      4.69%     82.40% |          22      3.23%     85.63% |          30      4.40%     90.03% |          13      1.91%     91.94% |          10      1.47%     93.40% |          11      1.61%     95.01% |          19      2.79%     97.80% |          15      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      0.85%      0.85% |           3      2.54%      3.39% |           3      2.54%      5.93% |           4      3.39%      9.32% |           0      0.00%      9.32% |           1      0.85%     10.17% |           1      0.85%     11.02% |           3      2.54%     13.56% |           2      1.69%     15.25% |           4      3.39%     18.64% |           6      5.08%     23.73% |           3      2.54%     26.27% |           4      3.39%     29.66% |           5      4.24%     33.90% |           4      3.39%     37.29% |           4      3.39%     40.68% |           5      4.24%     44.92% |           6      5.08%     50.00% |           7      5.93%     55.93% |           6      5.08%     61.02% |           6      5.08%     66.10% |           5      4.24%     70.34% |           3      2.54%     72.88% |           2      1.69%     74.58% |           5      4.24%     78.81% |           8      6.78%     85.59% |           2      1.69%     87.29% |           6      5.08%     92.37% |           1      0.85%     93.22% |           3      2.54%     95.76% |           2      1.69%     97.46% |           3      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       89990      3.46%      3.46% |       81193      3.12%      6.58% |       80957      3.11%      9.69% |       80780      3.11%     12.80% |       80896      3.11%     15.91% |       80943      3.11%     19.02% |       80968      3.11%     22.14% |       81121      3.12%     25.26% |       81309      3.13%     28.38% |       81298      3.13%     31.51% |       81206      3.12%     34.63% |       81009      3.11%     37.74% |       81238      3.12%     40.87% |       81189      3.12%     43.99% |       81126      3.12%     47.11% |       81199      3.12%     50.23% |       81061      3.12%     53.35% |       81050      3.12%     56.46% |       80683      3.10%     59.57% |       80549      3.10%     62.66% |       80844      3.11%     65.77% |       81127      3.12%     68.89% |       80817      3.11%     72.00% |       80788      3.11%     75.11% |       80893      3.11%     78.22% |       81031      3.12%     81.33% |       80669      3.10%     84.43% |       80642      3.10%     87.53% |       80826      3.11%     90.64% |       81159      3.12%     93.76% |       81095      3.12%     96.88% |       81156      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2600812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7      6.36%      6.36% |           6      5.45%     11.82% |           6      5.45%     17.27% |           2      1.82%     19.09% |           5      4.55%     23.64% |           4      3.64%     27.27% |           1      0.91%     28.18% |           4      3.64%     31.82% |           4      3.64%     35.45% |           2      1.82%     37.27% |           1      0.91%     38.18% |           3      2.73%     40.91% |           7      6.36%     47.27% |           3      2.73%     50.00% |           5      4.55%     54.55% |           2      1.82%     56.36% |           1      0.91%     57.27% |           1      0.91%     58.18% |           2      1.82%     60.00% |           5      4.55%     64.55% |           6      5.45%     70.00% |           5      4.55%     74.55% |           6      5.45%     80.00% |           3      2.73%     82.73% |           0      0.00%     82.73% |           3      2.73%     85.45% |           5      4.55%     90.00% |           5      4.55%     94.55% |           2      1.82%     96.36% |           1      0.91%     97.27% |           1      0.91%     98.18% |           2      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         568      3.51%      3.51% |         492      3.04%      6.54% |         537      3.32%      9.86% |         553      3.41%     13.27% |         520      3.21%     16.48% |         516      3.19%     19.67% |         479      2.96%     22.62% |         499      3.08%     25.71% |         508      3.14%     28.84% |         499      3.08%     31.92% |         508      3.14%     35.06% |         521      3.22%     38.27% |         498      3.07%     41.35% |         507      3.13%     44.48% |         475      2.93%     47.41% |         500      3.09%     50.50% |         499      3.08%     53.58% |         453      2.80%     56.37% |         516      3.19%     59.56% |         524      3.23%     62.79% |         508      3.14%     65.93% |         515      3.18%     69.11% |         494      3.05%     72.16% |         503      3.11%     75.26% |         514      3.17%     78.44% |         479      2.96%     81.39% |         536      3.31%     84.70% |         525      3.24%     87.94% |         508      3.14%     91.08% |         505      3.12%     94.20% |         478      2.95%     97.15% |         462      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        16199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.88%      5.88% |           2      3.92%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           2      3.92%     15.69% |           1      1.96%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      1.96%     19.61% |           3      5.88%     25.49% |           1      1.96%     27.45% |           2      3.92%     31.37% |           3      5.88%     37.25% |           2      3.92%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      1.96%     43.14% |           1      1.96%     45.10% |           1      1.96%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           2      3.92%     50.98% |           1      1.96%     52.94% |           1      1.96%     54.90% |           2      3.92%     58.82% |           3      5.88%     64.71% |           3      5.88%     70.59% |           4      7.84%     78.43% |           2      3.92%     82.35% |           2      3.92%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           3      5.88%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.03%      3.03% |           1      3.03%      6.06% |           1      3.03%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      3.03%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |          28     84.85%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     22.58%     22.58% |          48     77.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          18      3.65%      3.65% |          21      4.26%      7.91% |          13      2.64%     10.55% |          17      3.45%     14.00% |          18      3.65%     17.65% |          15      3.04%     20.69% |          15      3.04%     23.73% |          14      2.84%     26.57% |          19      3.85%     30.43% |           9      1.83%     32.25% |          12      2.43%     34.69% |          14      2.84%     37.53% |          17      3.45%     40.97% |          18      3.65%     44.62% |          16      3.25%     47.87% |          17      3.45%     51.32% |           6      1.22%     52.54% |          11      2.23%     54.77% |          11      2.23%     57.00% |          20      4.06%     61.05% |          18      3.65%     64.71% |          24      4.87%     69.57% |          15      3.04%     72.62% |          17      3.45%     76.06% |          12      2.43%     78.50% |          14      2.84%     81.34% |          12      2.43%     83.77% |          20      4.06%     87.83% |          15      3.04%     90.87% |          19      3.85%     94.73% |          11      2.23%     96.96% |          15      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         674      3.16%      3.16% |         651      3.05%      6.21% |         644      3.02%      9.23% |         650      3.05%     12.28% |         646      3.03%     15.30% |         641      3.00%     18.31% |         644      3.02%     21.33% |         657      3.08%     24.41% |         657      3.08%     27.49% |         623      2.92%     30.41% |         690      3.23%     33.64% |         657      3.08%     36.72% |         652      3.06%     39.78% |         661      3.10%     42.88% |         637      2.99%     45.86% |         667      3.13%     48.99% |         641      3.00%     51.99% |         682      3.20%     55.19% |         668      3.13%     58.32% |         703      3.30%     61.62% |         731      3.43%     65.04% |         778      3.65%     68.69% |         679      3.18%     71.87% |         682      3.20%     75.07% |         636      2.98%     78.05% |         662      3.10%     81.15% |         662      3.10%     84.26% |         686      3.22%     87.47% |         646      3.03%     90.50% |         676      3.17%     93.67% |         659      3.09%     96.76% |         692      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        21334                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          14      3.69%      3.69% |          16      4.22%      7.92% |          10      2.64%     10.55% |          14      3.69%     14.25% |           7      1.85%     16.09% |           9      2.37%     18.47% |          11      2.90%     21.37% |          10      2.64%     24.01% |          17      4.49%     28.50% |           6      1.58%     30.08% |          12      3.17%     33.25% |          12      3.17%     36.41% |          13      3.43%     39.84% |          13      3.43%     43.27% |          14      3.69%     46.97% |           7      1.85%     48.81% |           5      1.32%     50.13% |          11      2.90%     53.03% |           7      1.85%     54.88% |          15      3.96%     58.84% |          15      3.96%     62.80% |          15      3.96%     66.75% |          15      3.96%     70.71% |          11      2.90%     73.61% |          11      2.90%     76.52% |          11      2.90%     79.42% |          11      2.90%     82.32% |          20      5.28%     87.60% |          12      3.17%     90.77% |          15      3.96%     94.72% |           9      2.37%     97.10% |          11      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          379                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2089      3.21%      3.21% |        2009      3.09%      6.31% |        2058      3.17%      9.47% |        2036      3.13%     12.60% |        2013      3.10%     15.70% |        1991      3.06%     18.77% |        2079      3.20%     21.96% |        2070      3.19%     25.15% |        2034      3.13%     28.28% |        2000      3.08%     31.36% |        2142      3.30%     34.65% |        2011      3.09%     37.75% |        1986      3.06%     40.80% |        1897      2.92%     43.72% |        2057      3.17%     46.89% |        2074      3.19%     50.08% |        2034      3.13%     53.21% |        1975      3.04%     56.25% |        1973      3.04%     59.28% |        1929      2.97%     62.25% |        1941      2.99%     65.24% |        2059      3.17%     68.40% |        2060      3.17%     71.57% |        2105      3.24%     74.81% |        2102      3.23%     78.05% |        2038      3.14%     81.18% |        2050      3.15%     84.34% |        2024      3.11%     87.45% |        2018      3.11%     90.56% |        1993      3.07%     93.62% |        2046      3.15%     96.77% |        2098      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        64991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           1      3.57%      7.14% |           3     10.71%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           1      3.57%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      3.57%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2      7.14%     35.71% |           3     10.71%     46.43% |           2      7.14%     53.57% |           0      0.00%     53.57% |           1      3.57%     57.14% |           1      3.57%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           0      0.00%     67.86% |           3     10.71%     78.57% |           2      7.14%     85.71% |           1      3.57%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1925      3.01%      3.01% |        1832      2.86%      5.87% |        1854      2.89%      8.76% |        1783      2.78%     11.54% |        1873      2.92%     14.47% |        1811      2.83%     17.30% |        1858      2.90%     20.20% |        1818      2.84%     23.04% |        1914      2.99%     26.02% |        1884      2.94%     28.97% |        1988      3.10%     32.07% |        1981      3.09%     35.16% |        2173      3.39%     38.56% |        2127      3.32%     41.88% |        2137      3.34%     45.21% |        2109      3.29%     48.51% |        2181      3.41%     51.91% |        2085      3.26%     55.17% |        2163      3.38%     58.54% |        2119      3.31%     61.85% |        2215      3.46%     65.31% |        2150      3.36%     68.67% |        2202      3.44%     72.11% |        2133      3.33%     75.44% |        2206      3.44%     78.88% |        2024      3.16%     82.04% |        2049      3.20%     85.24% |        1936      3.02%     88.26% |        1946      3.04%     91.30% |        1840      2.87%     94.17% |        1911      2.98%     97.16% |        1820      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        64047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2335      3.03%      3.03% |        2239      2.90%      5.93% |        2231      2.89%      8.83% |        2181      2.83%     11.65% |        2265      2.94%     14.59% |        2205      2.86%     17.45% |        2243      2.91%     20.36% |        2259      2.93%     23.29% |        2348      3.05%     26.34% |        2276      2.95%     29.29% |        2376      3.08%     32.37% |        2419      3.14%     35.51% |        2666      3.46%     38.96% |        2557      3.32%     42.28% |        2529      3.28%     45.56% |        2539      3.29%     48.85% |        2565      3.33%     52.18% |        2530      3.28%     55.46% |        2563      3.32%     58.79% |        2513      3.26%     62.04% |        2561      3.32%     65.37% |        2562      3.32%     68.69% |        2541      3.30%     71.98% |        2498      3.24%     75.22% |        2601      3.37%     78.60% |        2499      3.24%     81.84% |        2433      3.16%     84.99% |        2313      3.00%     87.99% |        2295      2.98%     90.97% |        2332      3.02%     94.00% |        2349      3.05%     97.04% |        2281      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        77104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         402      2.52%      2.52% |         419      2.63%      5.15% |         385      2.41%      7.56% |         386      2.42%      9.98% |         360      2.26%     12.23% |         372      2.33%     14.57% |         432      2.71%     17.27% |         497      3.12%     20.39% |         513      3.22%     23.60% |         526      3.30%     26.90% |         504      3.16%     30.06% |         529      3.32%     33.38% |         587      3.68%     37.05% |         581      3.64%     40.70% |         643      4.03%     44.73% |         714      4.48%     49.20% |         716      4.49%     53.69% |         612      3.84%     57.52% |         560      3.51%     61.03% |         525      3.29%     64.32% |         549      3.44%     67.77% |         574      3.60%     71.36% |         567      3.55%     74.92% |         625      3.92%     78.83% |         617      3.87%     82.70% |         527      3.30%     86.00% |         453      2.84%     88.84% |         397      2.49%     91.33% |         338      2.12%     93.45% |         313      1.96%     95.41% |         348      2.18%     97.59% |         384      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        15955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52401      3.74%      3.74% |       43767      3.12%      6.87% |       43694      3.12%      9.99% |       43525      3.11%     13.09% |       43616      3.11%     16.21% |       43710      3.12%     19.33% |       43587      3.11%     22.44% |       43675      3.12%     25.56% |       43658      3.12%     28.68% |       43828      3.13%     31.80% |       43730      3.12%     34.93% |       43514      3.11%     38.03% |       43544      3.11%     41.14% |       43569      3.11%     44.25% |       43449      3.10%     47.36% |       43384      3.10%     50.45% |       43245      3.09%     53.54% |       43393      3.10%     56.64% |       43186      3.08%     59.72% |       43167      3.08%     62.80% |       43314      3.09%     65.90% |       43589      3.11%     69.01% |       43318      3.09%     72.10% |       43219      3.09%     75.19% |       43161      3.08%     78.27% |       43368      3.10%     81.37% |       43244      3.09%     84.45% |       43314      3.09%     87.55% |       43505      3.11%     90.65% |       43709      3.12%     93.77% |       43588      3.11%     96.88% |       43630      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1400601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         908      2.86%      2.86% |         870      2.74%      5.60% |         837      2.64%      8.23% |         833      2.62%     10.86% |         835      2.63%     13.49% |         801      2.52%     16.01% |         899      2.83%     18.84% |         987      3.11%     21.95% |        1035      3.26%     25.20% |         977      3.08%     28.28% |         986      3.10%     31.38% |        1023      3.22%     34.61% |        1179      3.71%     38.32% |        1094      3.44%     41.76% |        1143      3.60%     45.36% |        1220      3.84%     49.20% |        1223      3.85%     53.05% |        1138      3.58%     56.64% |        1079      3.40%     60.03% |        1005      3.16%     63.20% |        1012      3.19%     66.38% |        1076      3.39%     69.77% |        1038      3.27%     73.04% |        1077      3.39%     76.43% |        1131      3.56%     79.99% |        1083      3.41%     83.40% |         956      3.01%     86.41% |         854      2.69%     89.10% |         794      2.50%     91.60% |         867      2.73%     94.33% |         895      2.82%     97.15% |         906      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        31761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37705      3.14%      3.14% |       37580      3.13%      6.27% |       37450      3.12%      9.39% |       37446      3.12%     12.50% |       37469      3.12%     15.62% |       37456      3.12%     18.74% |       37506      3.12%     21.86% |       37483      3.12%     24.98% |       37640      3.13%     28.12% |       37517      3.12%     31.24% |       37514      3.12%     34.36% |       37496      3.12%     37.48% |       37539      3.13%     40.61% |       37550      3.13%     43.73% |       37558      3.13%     46.86% |       37619      3.13%     49.99% |       37617      3.13%     53.12% |       37543      3.13%     56.25% |       37442      3.12%     59.37% |       37401      3.11%     62.48% |       37542      3.13%     65.61% |       37486      3.12%     68.73% |       37484      3.12%     71.85% |       37516      3.12%     74.97% |       37625      3.13%     78.10% |       37603      3.13%     81.23% |       37493      3.12%     84.35% |       37498      3.12%     87.48% |       37551      3.13%     90.60% |       37606      3.13%     93.73% |       37636      3.13%     96.87% |       37644      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1201215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          54      2.33%      2.33% |          55      2.37%      4.70% |          65      2.80%      7.51% |          43      1.86%      9.36% |          49      2.11%     11.48% |          72      3.11%     14.58% |          79      3.41%     17.99% |          61      2.63%     20.62% |          72      3.11%     23.73% |          57      2.46%     26.19% |          76      3.28%     29.47% |          73      3.15%     32.61% |          67      2.89%     35.50% |          96      4.14%     39.65% |          98      4.23%     43.87% |          72      3.11%     46.98% |          71      3.06%     50.04% |          57      2.46%     52.50% |          90      3.88%     56.38% |          94      4.06%     60.44% |          93      4.01%     64.45% |          81      3.49%     67.95% |          93      4.01%     71.96% |          90      3.88%     75.84% |          79      3.41%     79.25% |          64      2.76%     82.01% |          93      4.01%     86.02% |          73      3.15%     89.17% |          53      2.29%     91.46% |          70      3.02%     94.48% |          54      2.33%     96.81% |          74      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          70      2.41%      2.41% |          77      2.65%      5.06% |          66      2.27%      7.33% |          67      2.31%      9.64% |          83      2.86%     12.49% |          70      2.41%     14.90% |          85      2.92%     17.83% |          80      2.75%     20.58% |          95      3.27%     23.85% |         130      4.47%     28.32% |          69      2.37%     30.70% |          82      2.82%     33.52% |          96      3.30%     36.82% |         112      3.85%     40.67% |          83      2.86%     43.53% |         109      3.75%     47.28% |          95      3.27%     50.55% |          94      3.23%     53.79% |          72      2.48%     56.26% |          78      2.68%     58.95% |         111      3.82%     62.77% |         147      5.06%     67.83% |          77      2.65%     70.47% |         125      4.30%     74.78% |         119      4.09%     78.87% |          86      2.96%     81.83% |         120      4.13%     85.96% |          87      2.99%     88.95% |          89      3.06%     92.02% |          79      2.72%     94.74% |          79      2.72%     97.45% |          74      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      5.88%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           1      5.88%     23.53% |           2     11.76%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           1      5.88%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           3     17.65%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           2     11.76%     76.47% |           3     17.65%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218704      5.22%      5.22% |      128629      3.07%      8.29% |      127456      3.04%     11.33% |      129538      3.09%     14.42% |      127489      3.04%     17.46% |      126823      3.03%     20.48% |      126832      3.03%     23.51% |      126164      3.01%     26.52% |      126543      3.02%     29.54% |      127079      3.03%     32.57% |      128973      3.08%     35.64% |      127776      3.05%     38.69% |      126320      3.01%     41.70% |      126670      3.02%     44.73% |      125273      2.99%     47.71% |      125254      2.99%     50.70% |      126255      3.01%     53.71% |      126333      3.01%     56.73% |      126683      3.02%     59.75% |      126917      3.03%     62.78% |      126938      3.03%     65.80% |      141491      3.38%     69.18% |      135175      3.22%     72.40% |      125886      3.00%     75.41% |      126326      3.01%     78.42% |      126868      3.03%     81.45% |      126713      3.02%     84.47% |      126681      3.02%     87.49% |      128077      3.06%     90.55% |      127369      3.04%     93.58% |      130920      3.12%     96.71% |      138079      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4192234                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          15      1.60%      1.60% |          23      2.46%      4.06% |          16      1.71%      5.77% |          14      1.50%      7.26% |          13      1.39%      8.65% |          25      2.67%     11.32% |          22      2.35%     13.68% |          26      2.78%     16.45% |          29      3.10%     19.55% |          28      2.99%     22.54% |          21      2.24%     24.79% |          32      3.42%     28.21% |          28      2.99%     31.20% |          46      4.91%     36.11% |          36      3.85%     39.96% |          36      3.85%     43.80% |          37      3.95%     47.76% |          28      2.99%     50.75% |          37      3.95%     54.70% |          39      4.17%     58.87% |          33      3.53%     62.39% |          33      3.53%     65.92% |          45      4.81%     70.73% |          27      2.88%     73.61% |          34      3.63%     77.24% |          33      3.53%     80.77% |          35      3.74%     84.51% |          41      4.38%     88.89% |          27      2.88%     91.77% |          30      3.21%     94.98% |          24      2.56%     97.54% |          23      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          936                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1376      3.19%      3.19% |        1302      3.02%      6.21% |        1270      2.95%      9.16% |        1275      2.96%     12.11% |        1347      3.12%     15.24% |        1320      3.06%     18.30% |        1251      2.90%     21.20% |        1210      2.81%     24.01% |        1167      2.71%     26.71% |        1180      2.74%     29.45% |        1296      3.01%     32.45% |        1333      3.09%     35.54% |        1435      3.33%     38.87% |        1399      3.24%     42.12% |        1336      3.10%     45.22% |        1286      2.98%     48.20% |        1317      3.05%     51.25% |        1382      3.21%     54.46% |        1458      3.38%     57.84% |        1480      3.43%     61.27% |        1444      3.35%     64.62% |        1423      3.30%     67.92% |        1451      3.37%     71.28% |        1388      3.22%     74.50% |        1405      3.26%     77.76% |        1356      3.14%     80.91% |        1418      3.29%     84.20% |        1382      3.21%     87.40% |        1398      3.24%     90.64% |        1361      3.16%     93.80% |        1388      3.22%     97.02% |        1286      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        43120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          52      1.63%      1.63% |          68      2.13%      3.76% |         128      4.01%      7.77% |          75      2.35%     10.12% |          87      2.72%     12.84% |          89      2.79%     15.63% |         104      3.26%     18.89% |          81      2.54%     21.42% |         173      5.42%     26.84% |         157      4.92%     31.76% |         124      3.88%     35.64% |          91      2.85%     38.49% |          85      2.66%     41.15% |         100      3.13%     44.28% |         104      3.26%     47.54% |          91      2.85%     50.39% |          81      2.54%     52.93% |          76      2.38%     55.31% |          92      2.88%     58.19% |          88      2.76%     60.95% |         155      4.85%     65.80% |         104      3.26%     69.06% |         101      3.16%     72.22% |          70      2.19%     74.41% |         102      3.19%     77.61% |          98      3.07%     80.68% |          93      2.91%     83.59% |         107      3.35%     86.94% |         127      3.98%     90.92% |         122      3.82%     94.74% |          75      2.35%     97.09% |          93      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          52      1.63%      1.63% |          68      2.13%      3.76% |         128      4.01%      7.77% |          75      2.35%     10.12% |          87      2.72%     12.84% |          89      2.79%     15.63% |         104      3.26%     18.89% |          81      2.54%     21.42% |         173      5.42%     26.84% |         157      4.92%     31.76% |         124      3.88%     35.64% |          91      2.85%     38.49% |          85      2.66%     41.15% |         100      3.13%     44.28% |         104      3.26%     47.54% |          91      2.85%     50.39% |          81      2.54%     52.93% |          76      2.38%     55.31% |          92      2.88%     58.19% |          88      2.76%     60.95% |         155      4.85%     65.80% |         104      3.26%     69.06% |         101      3.16%     72.22% |          70      2.19%     74.41% |         102      3.19%     77.61% |          98      3.07%     80.68% |          93      2.91%     83.59% |         107      3.35%     86.94% |         127      3.98%     90.92% |         122      3.82%     94.74% |          75      2.35%     97.09% |          93      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.63%      2.63% |           1      2.63%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           1      2.63%      7.89% |           1      2.63%     10.53% |           2      5.26%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           2      5.26%     28.95% |           4     10.53%     39.47% |           2      5.26%     44.74% |           2      5.26%     50.00% |           2      5.26%     55.26% |           1      2.63%     57.89% |           1      2.63%     60.53% |           0      0.00%     60.53% |           1      2.63%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           2      5.26%     68.42% |           2      5.26%     73.68% |           1      2.63%     76.32% |           4     10.53%     86.84% |           1      2.63%     89.47% |           1      2.63%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           1      2.63%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           2      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1376      3.19%      3.19% |        1302      3.02%      6.21% |        1270      2.94%      9.15% |        1275      2.96%     12.11% |        1347      3.12%     15.23% |        1320      3.06%     18.30% |        1251      2.90%     21.20% |        1210      2.81%     24.00% |        1167      2.71%     26.71% |        1180      2.74%     29.44% |        1296      3.01%     32.45% |        1333      3.09%     35.54% |        1435      3.33%     38.87% |        1399      3.24%     42.11% |        1336      3.10%     45.21% |        1286      2.98%     48.19% |        1317      3.05%     51.25% |        1382      3.20%     54.45% |        1458      3.38%     57.83% |        1480      3.43%     61.26% |        1444      3.35%     64.61% |        1425      3.30%     67.92% |        1451      3.36%     71.28% |        1388      3.22%     74.50% |        1405      3.26%     77.76% |        1356      3.14%     80.90% |        1419      3.29%     84.19% |        1382      3.20%     87.40% |        1398      3.24%     90.64% |        1361      3.16%     93.79% |        1388      3.22%     97.01% |        1288      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        43125                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      745370     20.54%     20.54% |     1814071     50.00%     70.54% |      136338      3.76%     74.30% |      136685      3.77%     78.07% |      132783      3.66%     81.73% |      138629      3.82%     85.55% |      130162      3.59%     89.14% |      135570      3.74%     92.87% |      130580      3.60%     96.47% |      127954      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      3628142                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      745370     20.54%     20.54% |     1814071     50.00%     70.54% |      136338      3.76%     74.30% |      136685      3.77%     78.07% |      132783      3.66%     81.73% |      138629      3.82%     85.55% |      130162      3.59%     89.14% |      135570      3.74%     92.87% |      130580      3.60%     96.47% |      127954      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      3628142                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      745370     20.54%     20.54% |     1814071     50.00%     70.54% |      136338      3.76%     74.30% |      136685      3.77%     78.07% |      132783      3.66%     81.73% |      138629      3.82%     85.55% |      130162      3.59%     89.14% |      135570      3.74%     92.87% |      130580      3.60%     96.47% |      127954      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      3628142                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      745370     20.54%     20.54% |     1814071     50.00%     70.54% |      136338      3.76%     74.30% |      136685      3.77%     78.07% |      132783      3.66%     81.73% |      138629      3.82%     85.55% |      130162      3.59%     89.14% |      135570      3.74%     92.87% |      130580      3.60%     96.47% |      127954      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      3628142                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
