
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057159                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57159281000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233327359500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55094                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    97420                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              135915288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4050652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   420.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23169961                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40970176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12634176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12634176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8055936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8055936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221034551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221034551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140938372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140938372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    361972923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           361972923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125874                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125874                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12632448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8055808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12634176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8055936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    16582                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5741                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57158553000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125874                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  74301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   8367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   7402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   7078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   6835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   6518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 18123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  20277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  21158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  21386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  21407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  10720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        83378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.126076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.670011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.793938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25531     30.62%     30.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21850     26.21%     56.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21455     25.73%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4638      5.56%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3635      4.36%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1625      1.95%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1213      1.45%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      0.95%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2635      3.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        83378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.480724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.926333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18824     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        18832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.683942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.162302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.221776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14658     77.84%     77.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2017     10.71%     88.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1096      5.82%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1061      5.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        18832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19027837312                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22728749812                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    96401.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              115151.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      221.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  154193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               68.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176806.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628454750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1908660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43622020250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              316559880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              313777800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172726125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              171208125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767933400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771646200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            408090960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407559600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22600965690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22077650115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14470064250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14929113000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42469679265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42404293800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.007911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.863991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12406656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12406656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217054095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217054095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137133705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137133705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    354187800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           354187800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193854                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122476                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193854                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12404800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7838336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12406656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    15132                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5425                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57158275000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193854                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122476                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  73256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   8005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   7746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   7366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   7075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   6466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   6122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 16557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  17576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  19787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  20524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  20762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  20934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  10281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        76217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.597859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.542989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.821111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19499     25.58%     25.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20590     27.01%     52.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21483     28.19%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4549      5.97%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3742      4.91%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1609      2.11%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1222      1.60%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          808      1.06%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2715      3.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        76217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.576535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.392821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18318     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.683438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.160423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.226181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14237     77.69%     77.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2007     10.95%     88.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1053      5.75%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1028      5.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18091927249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21726145999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    93341.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              112091.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      217.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.36                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  153061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  87020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180691.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893708500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1908660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43356766500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              290523240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              285677280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              158519625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              155875500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754782600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757044600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            397411920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396219600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22376937735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21819901815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14666580000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15155208000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42378094080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42303265755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.405626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.096503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12406656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12406656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7838912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7838912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217054095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217054095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137141543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137141543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354195638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354195638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193854                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193854                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12404992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7838784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12406656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7838912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    13552                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5310                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57158902500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193854                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122483                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  73252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   7980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   7683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   7457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   7159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   6763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 15054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  17548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  19784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  20627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  20873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  20884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   9982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        76074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.105529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.538154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.842900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19172     25.20%     25.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20499     26.95%     52.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21796     28.65%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4596      6.04%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3745      4.92%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1567      2.06%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1218      1.60%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          788      1.04%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2693      3.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        76074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.592939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.476856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18292     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        18297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.694048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.169821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.223283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14136     77.26%     77.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2080     11.37%     88.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1090      5.96%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          991      5.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        18297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 17868844791                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21503119791                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    92189.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              110939.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  152997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  87237                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180689.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11876500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1908660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43373974500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              289049040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              286070400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              157715250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              156090000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755055600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756795000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            397340640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396336240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22129116840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21627755100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14883966750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15323757750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42345583080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42280143450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.836846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.691978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12386688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12386688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7837120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7837120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122455                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216704755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216704755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137110192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137110192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353814947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353814947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193542                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122455                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193542                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12385664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7836928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12386688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7837120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    13288                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5228                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57158004500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193542                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122455                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  72813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   8112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   7732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   7561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   7071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   6663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 14644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  17491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  19793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  20607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  20884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  20880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.792150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.071539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.752512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18654     24.70%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20738     27.46%     52.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21519     28.50%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4590      6.08%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3678      4.87%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1614      2.14%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1218      1.61%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          731      0.97%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2774      3.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.594854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.187640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18258     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.704188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.173383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.250010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14122     77.32%     77.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2038     11.16%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1057      5.79%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1048      5.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 17774039604                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21402652104                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    91843.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              110593.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  152884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  87578                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180881.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623138250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1908660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43627336750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              286214040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              284686920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              156168375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              155335125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753105600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756397200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            397133280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396355680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3733338960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22111486740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21392317170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14899431750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15530282250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42336878745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42248713305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.684563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.142107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052536                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 61.778252                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.978934                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               133.869313                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6519074     92.44%     92.44% |      139725      1.98%     94.42% |       92173      1.31%     95.72% |       81637      1.16%     96.88% |       74306      1.05%     97.94% |       71764      1.02%     98.95% |       52166      0.74%     99.69% |       19523      0.28%     99.97% |        2166      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052536                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16715608                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.446289                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.702224                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.151721                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15295445     91.50%     91.50% |      933508      5.58%     97.09% |       41499      0.25%     97.34% |       39269      0.23%     97.57% |       45519      0.27%     97.84% |       53514      0.32%     98.16% |       73667      0.44%     98.60% |      115374      0.69%     99.30% |      117813      0.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16715608                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16715607                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              31.497647                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.078833                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            157.578106                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16599492     99.31%     99.31% |      104034      0.62%     99.93% |       10842      0.06%     99.99% |        1156      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16715607                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15538329                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000355                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000302                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020141                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15533026     99.97%     99.97% |        5248      0.03%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15538329                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177278                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        407.619775                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       234.874086                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       447.633017                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1061163     90.14%     90.14% |      104034      8.84%     98.97% |       10842      0.92%     99.89% |        1156      0.10%     99.99% |          80      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177278                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         247947                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       247947                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           92                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           95                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11729211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12239196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3805030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3929130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       369535                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22551                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       129912                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529535                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        21051                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        21314                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        21764                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        21879                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        21365                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        21729                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        22099                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        21894                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12238                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18384                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42564                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33968                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        42087                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9918884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9918884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10162768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9918884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4565502                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4525872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9918884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.086765                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5166141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5166141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5402605                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5166141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2905940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2834513                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5166141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.045191                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3878595                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3878595                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4079898                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3878595                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1611352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1597319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3878595                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3424929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3424929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3613687                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3424929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1476942                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1466445                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3424929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4109351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4109351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4346494                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4109351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2038040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2002703                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4109351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035946                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4070992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4070992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4296037                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4070992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1944055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1926408                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4070992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035611                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4731370                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4731370                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4995337                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4731370                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1835751                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1811638                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4731370                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041388                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3475155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3475155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3723858                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3475155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1468722                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1442003                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3475155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030399                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2380654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2380654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2496065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2380654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1061516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1048850                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2380654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020825                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2925360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2925360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3121545                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2925360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1400363                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1376576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2925360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025590                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2041555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2041555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2112690                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       829124                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       822131                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2041555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017858                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1743324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015118                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154217                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154217                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2175488                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154217                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974753                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154217                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018844                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805294                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805294                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1822355                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805294                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733701                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733374                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805294                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015792                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075536                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075536                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1092829                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075536                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416833                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075536                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1582512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1582512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1623416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1582512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621500                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619844                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1582512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013843                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2111053                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2111053                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2154207                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2111053                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776048                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773517                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2111053                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018466                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672838                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672838                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1721561                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672838                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638651                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635086                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672838                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014633                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1633321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1633321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1693304                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1633321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652422                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1633321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014287                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946433                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946433                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       959129                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946433                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374759                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374321                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946433                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       918826                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       918826                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       921405                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918826                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415094                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415054                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       918826                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008037                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1157327                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550743                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550428                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010090                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002631                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440799                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008734                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626902                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626902                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626902                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626902                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258154                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258154                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626902                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005484                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363423                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1083581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507284                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009445                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985972                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985972                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       990128                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985972                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428198                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428132                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985972                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008625                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258857                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258857                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3913125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3913125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4175589                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3913125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1624667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1620153                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3913125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4036158                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1554726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549013                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033562                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3870348                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3870348                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4108588                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3870348                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1545952                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3870348                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019938                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019938                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4242757                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019938                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1626750                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617222                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019938                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035164                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6393216     29.46%     29.46% |    14237488     65.62%     95.08% |     1067076      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21697780                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6393217     29.46%     29.46% |    14237488     65.62%     95.08% |     1067076      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21697781                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   229110443                       |   357549642                       |    24467906                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   588190795                       |    56378263                       |     1067077                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.836493                       |   25.113253                       |   22.929863                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   92.002334                       |    3.959846                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.165462                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    29.755861                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         57.921323                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002994                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.068614      7.44%      7.44% |    0.068343      7.41%     14.85% |    0.066868      7.25%     22.10% |    0.066543      7.22%     29.32% |    0.152913     16.58%     45.90% |    0.149320     16.19%     62.09% |    0.152859     16.57%     78.66% |    0.149197     16.18%     94.84% |    0.011901      1.29%     96.13% |    0.011902      1.29%     97.42% |    0.011903      1.29%     98.71% |    0.011900      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.922264                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022889                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027413                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002851                       |    0.002851                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002852                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002854                       |    0.002855                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005330                       |    0.002820                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002782                       |    0.002646                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002811                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002686                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002674                       |    0.002763                       |    0.002701                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002736                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002749                       |    0.002816                       |    0.002841                       |    0.002940                       |    0.003121                       |    0.010347                       |    0.010157                       |    0.010157                       |    0.010141                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.001838                       |    0.004010                       |    0.000261                       |    0.000270                       |    0.000272                       |    0.000278                       |    0.000265                       |    0.000276                       |    0.000274                       |    0.000274                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002960                       |    0.002061                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002725                       |    0.000274                       |    0.003698                       |    0.007608                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |    0.002871                       |    0.007634                       |           0                       |    0.007920                       |    0.011874                       |    0.003932                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002678                       |    0.000261                       |    0.008235                       |    0.007349                       |    0.011845                       |    0.003558                       |    0.002827                       |    0.000270                       |    0.010968                       |    0.007314                       |    0.005023                       |           0                       |    0.002859                       |    0.007452                       |           0                       |    0.011210                       |    0.007188                       |    0.004853                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |           0                       |    0.005442                       |    0.003592                       |    0.003329                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002063                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.001379                       |    0.003034                       |    0.002675                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002721                       |    0.000274                       |    0.004139                       |    0.004533                       |    0.007734                       |    0.002628                       |    0.003560                       |    0.002687                       |    0.000272                       |    0.005224                       |    0.009820                       |    0.010602                       |    0.003782                       |    0.032295                       |    0.004517                       |    0.001838                       |    0.005341                       |    0.015448                       |    0.021438                       |    0.005887                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002850                       |    0.004010                       |    0.005498                       |    0.011408                       |    0.015561                       |    0.005861                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002691                       |    0.000278                       |    0.007807                       |    0.007960                       |    0.008480                       |    0.004836                       |           0                       |    0.002737                       |           0                       |    0.002488                       |    0.005416                       |    0.004296                       |    0.003908                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.001253                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002684                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000462                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |    0.003918                       |    0.003340                       |    0.005086                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002958                       |    0.007452                       |           0                       |    0.003061                       |    0.007916                       |    0.009747                       |    0.002721                       |    0.003558                       |    0.002665                       |    0.000265                       |    0.018329                       |    0.008225                       |    0.005549                       |    0.002797                       |    0.003559                       |    0.002692                       |    0.000276                       |    0.003938                       |    0.011058                       |    0.006143                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.003054                       |    0.007446                       |           0                       |    0.003985                       |    0.011449                       |    0.006472                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.002731                       |           0                       |    0.001619                       |    0.005412                       |    0.003235                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.000356                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002713                       |           0                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.001784                       |           0                       |    0.004921                       |           0                       |    0.002721                       |           0                       |    0.003665                       |    0.001340                       |    0.006116                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |           0                       |    0.008960                       |    0.003526                       |    0.003184                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |    0.006791                       |    0.003329                       |           0                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.005512                       |    0.006017                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005484                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002749                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.922264                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5087119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5087119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3477747                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2851701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.998518                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          369487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9974885                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55069                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7990151                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103636                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10029954                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8093787                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17965036                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158705                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18123741                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3936179                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3945632                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3936179                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3945632                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110757519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14808415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29959164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5087119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3221188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90988461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       240079                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321257                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3935546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    107011592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.513629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96650768     90.32%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1576231      1.47%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           837713      0.78%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           767934      0.72%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           845770      0.79%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           871142      0.81%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           764834      0.71%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           496587      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4200613      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    107011592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9319757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89827995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4714072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2806395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51293389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10477568                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52045299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7427617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6236593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30481142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49952723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2364656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52066588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     122937503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76728370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41628247                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10438326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19015555                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5049014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8256442                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       708687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       556508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48692485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       294132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51457216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12496375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67868                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    107011592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86271242     80.62%     80.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7777989      7.27%     87.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5448975      5.09%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2463352      2.30%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2076943      1.94%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1533874      1.43%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878519      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342619      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218079      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    107011592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106610     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680364     77.51%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235515      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33034535     64.20%     64.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9975027     19.39%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8129059     15.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51457216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464593                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877820                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017059                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    211019313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56777641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45329340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52099478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       885395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2684                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7770                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512722                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5908249                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4629340                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44973977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48986617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5049014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8256442                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       285035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44817122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7770                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       225050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359198                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50943987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9822548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17822111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3873581                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7999563                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459960                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45409543                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45329374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25312754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41350751                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.409267                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.612147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8007120                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       226264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316834                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105734446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89812660     84.94%     84.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5688217      5.38%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5148556      4.87%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1988728      1.88%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       986616      0.93%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       351752      0.33%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219232      0.21%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311436      0.29%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1227249      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105734446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23169960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40970173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11617086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3873367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3499698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40618740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       292552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29161326     71.18%     71.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3873367      9.45%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7743719     18.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40970173                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1227249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            153396298                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99237092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3745927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23169960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40970173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.780221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.780221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.209195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.209195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         79611613                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33138942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19241639                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12935207                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26129545                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1880360500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1880360500.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273490                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       102.357492                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.326457                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      188.038914                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2744028     83.83%     83.83% |      136032      4.16%     87.98% |       91870      2.81%     90.79% |       81633      2.49%     93.28% |       74306      2.27%     95.55% |       71764      2.19%     97.74% |       52166      1.59%     99.34% |       19523      0.60%     99.93% |        2166      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273490                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763238                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.646686                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.150355                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.431248                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3730369     99.13%     99.13% |       28869      0.77%     99.89% |        2919      0.08%     99.97% |         774      0.02%     99.99% |         207      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763238                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15808                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.096407                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.760533                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.211195                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         564      3.57%      3.57% |        1941     12.28%     15.85% |        7259     45.92%     61.77% |        3580     22.65%     84.41% |        2427     15.35%     99.77% |          33      0.21%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15808                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4626259                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           49.669694                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.709446                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         202.438949                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4569699     98.78%     98.78% |       51915      1.12%     99.90% |        4176      0.09%     99.99% |         443      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4626259                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4159673                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000857                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000739                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029447                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4156122     99.91%     99.91% |        3542      0.09%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4159673                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466586                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     465.728258                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    261.836931                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    462.402078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      410026     87.88%     87.88% |       51915     11.13%     99.00% |        4176      0.90%     99.90% |         443      0.09%     99.99% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466586                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7991803                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.170761                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.158251                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         165.820014                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7829766     97.97%     97.97% |      102500      1.28%     99.26% |       39476      0.49%     99.75% |       12627      0.16%     99.91% |        4790      0.06%     99.97% |        1874      0.02%     99.99% |         559      0.01%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7991803                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7417403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000249                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000207                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.018706                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7415750     99.98%     99.98% |        1603      0.02%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7417403                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574400                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     436.685125                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    281.510410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    456.070207                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      412363     71.79%     71.79% |      102500     17.84%     89.63% |       39476      6.87%     96.51% |       12627      2.20%     98.71% |        4790      0.83%     99.54% |        1874      0.33%     99.87% |         559      0.10%     99.96% |         154      0.03%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574400                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3929129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.597739                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.321291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.889993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3928871     99.99%     99.99% |         241      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3929129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3805030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3805023    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3805030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.247601                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.177661                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.851953                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123841     99.79%     99.79% |         241      0.19%     99.99% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.760102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.783335                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166557     99.68%     99.68% |         503      0.30%     99.98% |          33      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154937                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154845     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154937                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.893659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.518674                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.692013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11620     95.57%     95.57% |         503      4.14%     99.70% |          33      0.27%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       154459                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3133096                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        55702                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    11434                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    21542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     6304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    10985                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    21558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     6450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   10278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   21643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    6176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   10148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   21484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    6791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   21636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3462                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    6073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   10364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   21566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    5396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   10537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   21741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    5653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   10546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   21931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  13763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  13782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 13632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 13792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1003                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  3161                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 13666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 13745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  3549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 13539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2018                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  3559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 13398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     4407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                      362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     4372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                      358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    4437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     403                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    4436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    1543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    4410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                     406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    1628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    4401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    1626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    4432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                     390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    1607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    4383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 7832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                14221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                35305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 7740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                14186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                35340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               14049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               35275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                7781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               14089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               35276                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               14169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               35302                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                7752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               14084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               35311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                7658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               14086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               35280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               14105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               35329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                13412128                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 5403101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                15400668                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                80372188                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                10291123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 7823359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                18096212                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                79204809                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 9844428                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6784879                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               17473562                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               77194737                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                8654931                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7691580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               17485833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               76918584                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              199974505                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles                6265211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               16503297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               79329107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              204153232                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles                7973113                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               16858763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               74246897                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               10055163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles                9447477                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               17258083                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               77600444                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles                9782052                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles                8004995                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               18400072                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               83473402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4306                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4302                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3486                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                13225                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3103                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 6174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                13437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3112                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                5615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                5441                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               13261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               13321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                2957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               13401                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                2502                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                5717                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               13341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                834                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2069                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              10935                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              10723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              2985                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             10818                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                31                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             10899                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              2480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             10839                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1363                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              2968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             10759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1818                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              2883                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             10819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1696                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              2850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             10642                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4895                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3387                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3201                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                4811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               8301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               4707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               8223                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3226                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               4880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               8315                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               8165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               2894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               4820                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               8400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3224                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               4788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               8413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1074                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               933                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2293                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               953                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               964                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             2449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1036                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1093                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             2397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             7329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1094                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             2224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             7237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1033                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             1172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             2380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             7387                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1062                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             2292                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             7152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1096                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             2316                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             7139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 237305                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 365946                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 793434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2160433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 238347                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 352574                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 795505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2152141                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 235898                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 340839                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                822308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2165181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                240858                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                352596                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                817377                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2151181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                229344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                353230                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                816041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2167250                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                231799                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                347542                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                814435                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2148436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                237180                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                349468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                820454                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2166438                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                235680                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                356653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                825837                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2169877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 33623                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                224131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                730885                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2038489                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 29321                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                186538                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                736816                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2022342                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 35033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                179803                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               758077                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2028704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                35367                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               185403                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               762641                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2027015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                19116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               202547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               768983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2039483                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                24732                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               166803                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               759619                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2016052                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                20330                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               178374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               757149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2046004                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                19303                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               197272                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               771121                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2048934                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             116137                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             357486                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             114227                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             400611                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             114338                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             390133                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            114353                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            408797                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            120486                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            364378                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            116323                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            417147                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            119446                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            410677                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            119321                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            398065                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               429979                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               303674                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               498814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               915521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               432083                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               268734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               510554                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               918551                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               421995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               273366                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              463664                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              939658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              431288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              270071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              469413                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              915729                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              430213                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              288295                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              456269                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              923595                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              413496                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              264250                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              452585                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              934079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              444182                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              261750                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              464430                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              920904                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              440335                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              257423                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              512263                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              934449                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            33623                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           224131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           730885                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2038489                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            29321                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           186538                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           736816                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2022342                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            35033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           179803                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          758077                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2028704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           35367                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          185403                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          762641                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2027015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           19116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          202547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          768983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2039483                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           24732                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          166803                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          759619                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2016052                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           20330                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          178374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          757149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2046004                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           19303                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          197272                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          771121                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2048934                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70944                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70752                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          199860                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          244475                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          471289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          915521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          201001                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          230494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          481493                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          918551                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          193921                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          235025                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         463664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         939658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         198967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         227175                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         469413                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         915729                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         192631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         242035                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         456269                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         923595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         196095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         224094                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         452228                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         934079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         199143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         220849                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         456242                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         920904                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         199344                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         221649                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         482977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         934449                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             221266                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             346535                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             778138                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2128705                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             223357                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             326078                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             780209                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2120413                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             219700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             317324                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            807012                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2133453                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            225731                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            318301                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            802081                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2119453                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            210894                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            333390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            801748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2135522                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            214546                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            313467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            799139                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2116708                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            219100                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            318334                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            805158                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2134710                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            217892                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            326372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            810541                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2138149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1507                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1542                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110790070                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110979186                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111413824                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110790066                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110979182                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111413820                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110790072                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110979188                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111413826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110790068                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110979184                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111413822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110790077                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110979193                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111413831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110790073                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110979189                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111413827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110790089                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110979205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111413843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110790085                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110979201                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111413839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1918325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2011823                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2200234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2872241                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1922928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1997712                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2220361                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2870655                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1910145                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1998590                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2225725                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2873886                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1917979                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1996805                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2221827                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2876728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1909301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2006882                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2221343                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2875959                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1921180                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1998175                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2227822                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2870034                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1924625                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1991259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2224299                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2876746                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles          195008                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1995237                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2219363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2879082                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              2787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             13763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              3201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             13782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              1324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             3771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            13632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             1605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             3941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13792                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             1003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             3161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            13666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             1679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             3720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            13745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             2262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             3549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            13539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             2018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             3559                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            13398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1212                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             1214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             3281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2896                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               63                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197385     25.35%     25.35% |      193854     24.90%     50.25% |      193854     24.90%     75.14% |      193542     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119983     25.55%     25.55% |      116573     24.82%     50.36% |      116580     24.82%     75.19% |      116552     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197409     25.35%     25.35% |      193854     24.90%     50.25% |      193854     24.90%     75.14% |      193542     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778659                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125874     25.52%     25.52% |      122476     24.83%     50.35% |      122483     24.83%     75.18% |      122455     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69210     25.06%     25.06% |       69089     25.02%     50.08% |       69082     25.01%     75.09% |       68798     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197385     25.35%     25.35% |      193854     24.90%     50.25% |      193854     24.90%     75.14% |      193542     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119739     25.54%     25.54% |      116396     24.82%     50.36% |      116403     24.82%     75.18% |      116375     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69210     25.06%     25.06% |       69089     25.02%     50.08% |       69082     25.01%     75.09% |       68798     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197385     25.35%     25.35% |      193854     24.90%     50.25% |      193854     24.90%     75.14% |      193542     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119739     25.54%     25.54% |      116396     24.82%     50.36% |      116403     24.82%     75.18% |      116375     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4330014     93.57%     93.57% |          48      0.00%     93.57% |       37187      0.80%     94.37% |       37185      0.80%     95.18% |       37187      0.80%     95.98% |       37188      0.80%     96.79% |       37185      0.80%     97.59% |       37187      0.80%     98.39% |       37185      0.80%     99.20% |       37186      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4627552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3929187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3929187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7910579     96.94%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |       31213      0.38%     97.32% |       31224      0.38%     97.70% |       31221      0.38%     98.09% |       31227      0.38%     98.47% |       31219      0.38%     98.85% |       31222      0.38%     99.23% |       31231      0.38%     99.62% |       31232      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8160368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15292     98.16%     98.16% |          48      0.31%     98.47% |          35      0.22%     98.70% |          44      0.28%     98.98% |          21      0.13%     99.11% |          17      0.11%     99.22% |          15      0.10%     99.32% |          41      0.26%     99.58% |          36      0.23%     99.81% |          29      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630987     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67376      5.76%     59.69% |       67354      5.76%     65.44% |       67394      5.76%     71.20% |       67381      5.76%     76.96% |       67369      5.76%     82.72% |       67377      5.76%     88.48% |       67391      5.76%     94.24% |       67412      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      7.25%      7.25% |          12     17.39%     24.64% |           9     13.04%     37.68% |           8     11.59%     49.28% |           3      4.35%     53.62% |           6      8.70%     62.32% |          10     14.49%     76.81% |          16     23.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     50.31%     50.31% |           2      1.24%     51.55% |          10      6.21%     57.76% |          13      8.07%     65.84% |           7      4.35%     70.19% |          11      6.83%     77.02% |           5      3.11%     80.12% |           9      5.59%     85.71% |           6      3.73%     89.44% |          17     10.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169758     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36835      7.93%     44.48% |       36818      7.93%     52.41% |       36846      7.93%     60.34% |       36858      7.93%     68.28% |       36849      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36826      7.93%     92.07% |       36853      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.24%      1.24% |           8      4.97%      6.21% |          22     13.66%     19.88% |          30     18.63%     38.51% |          13      8.07%     46.58% |           6      3.73%     50.31% |          10      6.21%     56.52% |          30     18.63%     75.16% |          30     18.63%     93.79% |          10      6.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464301     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31031      4.35%     69.51% |       31018      4.35%     73.87% |       31047      4.36%     78.22% |       31029      4.35%     82.58% |       31022      4.35%     86.93% |       31028      4.35%     91.28% |       31047      4.36%     95.64% |       31057      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506199     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67336      6.44%     54.89% |       67298      6.44%     61.33% |       67364      6.45%     67.77% |       67356      6.45%     74.22% |       67351      6.45%     80.66% |       67332      6.44%     87.11% |       67345      6.44%     93.55% |       67363      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170806     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36860      7.91%     44.60% |       36849      7.91%     52.51% |       36860      7.91%     60.42% |       36864      7.92%     68.34% |       36859      7.91%     76.25% |       36863      7.92%     84.17% |       36856      7.91%     92.08% |       36865      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31028      5.29%     62.96% |       31017      5.29%     68.25% |       31046      5.29%     73.54% |       31029      5.29%     78.83% |       31022      5.29%     84.12% |       31026      5.29%     89.41% |       31047      5.29%     94.71% |       31055      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     97.93%     97.93% |           0      0.00%     97.93% |          35      0.30%     98.24% |          44      0.38%     98.62% |          21      0.18%     98.80% |          17      0.15%     98.95% |          15      0.13%     99.08% |          41      0.36%     99.44% |          36      0.31%     99.75% |          29      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         856     97.16%     97.16% |          25      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1411    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         837     92.49%     92.49% |           0      0.00%     92.49% |           5      0.55%     93.04% |          12      1.33%     94.36% |           9      0.99%     95.36% |           8      0.88%     96.24% |           3      0.33%     96.57% |           5      0.55%     97.13% |          10      1.10%     98.23% |          16      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           3      0.01%     99.86% |           8      0.04%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |          11      0.05%     99.95% |          10      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3805030    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3805030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2323     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.81%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |          35      0.03%     99.84% |          44      0.04%     99.87% |          21      0.02%     99.89% |          17      0.01%     99.90% |          15      0.01%     99.92% |          40      0.03%     99.95% |          36      0.03%     99.98% |          29      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2224417     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         321      0.01%     99.90% |         327      0.01%     99.91% |         324      0.01%     99.93% |         320      0.01%     99.94% |         325      0.01%     99.96% |         310      0.01%     99.97% |         318      0.01%     99.99% |         319      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2226981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1524     97.57%     97.57% |          38      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139032     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36667      8.48%     40.66% |       36646      8.48%     49.14% |       36645      8.48%     57.62% |       36653      8.48%     66.10% |       36633      8.48%     74.58% |       36613      8.47%     83.05% |       36606      8.47%     91.52% |       36645      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.53%      2.53% |          10     12.66%     15.19% |          13     16.46%     31.65% |           7      8.86%     40.51% |          11     13.92%     54.43% |           5      6.33%     60.76% |           8     10.13%     70.89% |           6      7.59%     78.48% |          17     21.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1912066    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1912066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7543022     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         182      0.00%     99.98% |         204      0.00%     99.99% |         171      0.00%     99.99% |         195      0.00%     99.99% |         195      0.00%     99.99% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7544514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367167     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30669      5.00%     64.92% |       30652      5.00%     69.92% |       30719      5.01%     74.94% |       30703      5.01%     79.95% |       30718      5.01%     84.96% |       30719      5.01%     89.97% |       30739      5.02%     94.99% |       30718      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      7.35%      7.35% |          12     17.65%     25.00% |           9     13.24%     38.24% |           8     11.76%     50.00% |           3      4.41%     54.41% |           5      7.35%     61.76% |          10     14.71%     76.47% |          16     23.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         249    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169758     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36835      7.93%     44.48% |       36818      7.93%     52.41% |       36846      7.93%     60.34% |       36858      7.93%     68.28% |       36849      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36826      7.93%     92.07% |       36853      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.24%      1.24% |           8      4.97%      6.21% |          22     13.66%     19.88% |          30     18.63%     38.51% |          13      8.07%     46.58% |           6      3.73%     50.31% |          10      6.21%     56.52% |          30     18.63%     75.16% |          30     18.63%     93.79% |          10      6.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126001     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           4     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338300     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31028      5.29%     62.96% |       31017      5.29%     68.25% |       31046      5.29%     73.54% |       31029      5.29%     78.83% |       31022      5.29%     84.12% |       31026      5.29%     89.41% |       31047      5.29%     94.71% |       31055      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1275     98.61%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           3      0.23%     98.84% |           1      0.08%     98.92% |           3      0.23%     99.15% |           4      0.31%     99.46% |           1      0.08%     99.54% |           3      0.23%     99.77% |           1      0.08%     99.85% |           2      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     81.88%     81.88% |           0      0.00%     81.88% |           3      2.01%     83.89% |           3      2.01%     85.91% |           4      2.68%     88.59% |           3      2.01%     90.60% |           2      1.34%     91.95% |           2      1.34%     93.29% |           3      2.01%     95.30% |           7      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506199     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67336      6.44%     54.89% |       67298      6.44%     61.33% |       67364      6.45%     67.77% |       67356      6.45%     74.22% |       67351      6.45%     80.67% |       67330      6.44%     87.11% |       67345      6.44%     93.55% |       67363      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3803      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.67% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.87% |        3819      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4117      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3061      2.47%     64.24% |        3704      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4616      3.72%     84.96% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5201      4.19%     92.36% |        5071      4.09%     96.44% |        4418      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55090     11.81%     11.81% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12699      2.72%     17.50% |       13622      2.92%     20.42% |       12822      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12290      2.63%     28.52% |       12558      2.69%     31.22% |       12943      2.77%     33.99% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14970      3.21%     39.94% |       13303      2.85%     42.79% |       12855      2.75%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12199      2.61%     50.91% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13676      2.93%     56.54% |       12730      2.73%     59.27% |       13116      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.89% |       13658      2.93%     67.82% |       16828      3.61%     71.43% |       12783      2.74%     74.17% |       12926      2.77%     76.94% |       12858      2.76%     79.69% |       13002      2.79%     82.48% |       12522      2.68%     85.16% |       12245      2.62%     87.79% |       13259      2.84%     90.63% |       12622      2.70%     93.33% |       13614      2.92%     96.25% |       17504      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22437      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16828      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17471      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17610      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17679      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.61% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18471      3.15%     64.00% |       20245      3.45%     67.45% |       18478      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18408      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18651      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19434      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75570      7.23%      7.23% |       32683      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32199      3.08%     16.24% |       29603      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28911      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32349      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31299      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30778      2.95%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31920      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31067      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31073      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30984      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32507      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33963      3.25%     96.37% |       37945      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044944                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17870      3.81%      3.81% |       14543      3.10%      6.91% |       14555      3.10%     10.02% |       14539      3.10%     13.12% |       14521      3.10%     16.22% |       14530      3.10%     19.32% |       14542      3.10%     22.42% |       14542      3.10%     25.52% |       14551      3.10%     28.62% |       14561      3.11%     31.73% |       14555      3.10%     34.83% |       14551      3.10%     37.94% |       14538      3.10%     41.04% |       14546      3.10%     44.14% |       14539      3.10%     47.24% |       14534      3.10%     50.34% |       14587      3.11%     53.45% |       14552      3.10%     56.56% |       14558      3.11%     59.66% |       14555      3.10%     62.77% |       14539      3.10%     65.87% |       14561      3.11%     68.98% |       14548      3.10%     72.08% |       14550      3.10%     75.18% |       14562      3.11%     78.29% |       14558      3.11%     81.39% |       14551      3.10%     84.50% |       14546      3.10%     87.60% |       14543      3.10%     90.70% |       14521      3.10%     93.80% |       14534      3.10%     96.90% |       14534      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8850      3.20%      3.20% |        8687      3.14%      6.35% |        8690      3.15%      9.49% |        8633      3.12%     12.62% |        8627      3.12%     15.74% |        8603      3.11%     18.85% |        8608      3.12%     21.97% |        8615      3.12%     25.09% |        8622      3.12%     28.21% |        8661      3.13%     31.34% |        8690      3.15%     34.49% |        8636      3.13%     37.62% |        8662      3.14%     40.75% |        8626      3.12%     43.87% |        8666      3.14%     47.01% |        8601      3.11%     50.12% |        8645      3.13%     53.25% |        8619      3.12%     56.37% |        8612      3.12%     59.49% |        8593      3.11%     62.60% |        8606      3.12%     65.71% |        8624      3.12%     68.84% |        8605      3.11%     71.95% |        8573      3.10%     75.05% |        8611      3.12%     78.17% |        8660      3.13%     81.30% |        8632      3.12%     84.43% |        8573      3.10%     87.53% |        8615      3.12%     90.65% |        8633      3.12%     93.78% |        8600      3.11%     96.89% |        8598      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27834      3.57%      3.57% |       24277      3.12%      6.69% |       24292      3.12%      9.81% |       24219      3.11%     12.92% |       24194      3.11%     16.03% |       24179      3.11%     19.14% |       24196      3.11%     22.24% |       24203      3.11%     25.35% |       24219      3.11%     28.46% |       24268      3.12%     31.58% |       24291      3.12%     34.70% |       24233      3.11%     37.81% |       24246      3.11%     40.92% |       24218      3.11%     44.03% |       24251      3.11%     47.15% |       24181      3.11%     50.25% |       24278      3.12%     53.37% |       24217      3.11%     56.48% |       24216      3.11%     59.59% |       24194      3.11%     62.70% |       24191      3.11%     65.81% |       24231      3.11%     68.92% |       24199      3.11%     72.03% |       24169      3.10%     75.13% |       24219      3.11%     78.24% |       24264      3.12%     81.36% |       24229      3.11%     84.47% |       24165      3.10%     87.57% |       24204      3.11%     90.68% |       24200      3.11%     93.79% |       24180      3.11%     96.89% |       24178      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26810      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23268      3.12%      9.83% |       23195      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23155      3.10%     19.15% |       23172      3.11%     22.26% |       23179      3.11%     25.37% |       23195      3.11%     28.48% |       23244      3.12%     31.59% |       23267      3.12%     34.71% |       23209      3.11%     37.82% |       23222      3.11%     40.94% |       23194      3.11%     44.05% |       23227      3.11%     47.16% |       23157      3.10%     50.27% |       23254      3.12%     53.38% |       23193      3.11%     56.49% |       23192      3.11%     59.60% |       23170      3.11%     62.71% |       23167      3.11%     65.82% |       23207      3.11%     68.93% |       23175      3.11%     72.03% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23195      3.11%     78.25% |       23240      3.12%     81.36% |       23205      3.11%     84.47% |       23141      3.10%     87.58% |       23180      3.11%     90.68% |       23176      3.11%     93.79% |       23156      3.10%     96.90% |       23154      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745867                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     22.01%     22.01% |           2      0.77%     22.78% |           5      1.93%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          34     42.50%     42.50% |           0      0.00%     42.50% |           0      0.00%     42.50% |          15     18.75%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |           0      0.00%     61.25% |          13     16.25%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |          16     20.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          38     23.03%     23.03% |           2      1.21%     24.24% |           1      0.61%     24.85% |          21     12.73%     37.58% |           3      1.82%     39.39% |           3      1.82%     41.21% |           4      2.42%     43.64% |           3      1.82%     45.45% |           5      3.03%     48.48% |           3      1.82%     50.30% |           2      1.21%     51.52% |           2      1.21%     52.73% |           3      1.82%     54.55% |           3      1.82%     56.36% |           4      2.42%     58.79% |           3      1.82%     60.61% |          16      9.70%     70.30% |           1      0.61%     70.91% |           2      1.21%     72.12% |          16      9.70%     81.82% |           1      0.61%     82.42% |           0      0.00%     82.42% |           1      0.61%     83.03% |           2      1.21%     84.24% |           3      1.82%     86.06% |           5      3.03%     89.09% |           4      2.42%     91.52% |           5      3.03%     94.55% |           3      1.82%     96.36% |           2      1.21%     97.58% |           2      1.21%     98.79% |           2      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          165                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         555      3.64%      3.64% |         476      3.12%      6.77% |         465      3.05%      9.82% |         467      3.07%     12.89% |         461      3.03%     15.91% |         457      3.00%     18.91% |         468      3.07%     21.99% |         470      3.09%     25.07% |         460      3.02%     28.09% |         464      3.05%     31.14% |         511      3.35%     34.49% |         483      3.17%     37.66% |         502      3.30%     40.96% |         476      3.12%     44.08% |         499      3.28%     47.36% |         482      3.16%     50.52% |         508      3.33%     53.86% |         487      3.20%     57.05% |         470      3.09%     60.14% |         461      3.03%     63.17% |         437      2.87%     66.03% |         483      3.17%     69.21% |         455      2.99%     72.19% |         444      2.91%     75.11% |         482      3.16%     78.27% |         500      3.28%     81.55% |         487      3.20%     84.75% |         453      2.97%     87.72% |         463      3.04%     90.76% |         472      3.10%     93.86% |         472      3.10%     96.96% |         463      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          35     21.74%     21.74% |           2      1.24%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           3      1.86%     36.65% |           3      1.86%     38.51% |           4      2.48%     40.99% |           3      1.86%     42.86% |           5      3.11%     45.96% |           3      1.86%     47.83% |           2      1.24%     49.07% |           2      1.24%     50.31% |           3      1.86%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           4      2.48%     56.52% |           3      1.86%     58.39% |          16      9.94%     68.32% |           1      0.62%     68.94% |           2      1.24%     70.19% |          16      9.94%     80.12% |           1      0.62%     80.75% |           0      0.00%     80.75% |           1      0.62%     81.37% |           2      1.24%     82.61% |           3      1.86%     84.47% |           5      3.11%     87.58% |           4      2.48%     90.06% |           7      4.35%     94.41% |           3      1.86%     96.27% |           2      1.24%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75918      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29487      2.81%     13.15% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29785      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29091      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30400      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32551      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30526      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29600      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31504      3.00%     53.74% |       30317      2.88%     56.62% |       30952      2.94%     59.57% |       31640      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.63% |       37029      3.52%     69.16% |       31257      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31258      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31168      2.97%     84.02% |       30881      2.94%     86.95% |       32690      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34147      3.25%     96.37% |       38136      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         423      3.13%      6.44% |         415      3.07%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         414      3.06%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.67% |         407      3.01%     27.68% |         417      3.09%     30.76% |         443      3.28%     34.04% |         437      3.23%     37.28% |         450      3.33%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.09% |         440      3.26%     50.35% |         450      3.33%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.15% |         407      3.01%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         410      3.04%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.92%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         436      3.23%     84.66% |         402      2.98%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         425      3.15%     93.86% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12409      4.30%      4.30% |        8969      3.11%      7.41% |        8987      3.12%     10.53% |        8924      3.09%     13.62% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8887      3.08%     19.79% |        8888      3.08%     22.87% |        8898      3.09%     25.96% |        8917      3.09%     29.05% |        8952      3.10%     32.15% |        8968      3.11%     35.26% |        8894      3.08%     38.35% |        8904      3.09%     41.43% |        8897      3.08%     44.52% |        8915      3.09%     47.61% |        8858      3.07%     50.68% |        8905      3.09%     53.77% |        8881      3.08%     56.85% |        8885      3.08%     59.93% |        8886      3.08%     63.01% |        8892      3.08%     66.09% |        8900      3.09%     69.18% |        8909      3.09%     72.27% |        8876      3.08%     75.35% |        8883      3.08%     78.43% |        8918      3.09%     81.52% |        8891      3.08%     84.60% |        8870      3.08%     87.68% |        8901      3.09%     90.76% |        8892      3.08%     93.84% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288409                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14978      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14923      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14909      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          16     11.94%     11.94% |           3      2.24%     14.18% |           2      1.49%     15.67% |          11      8.21%     23.88% |           3      2.24%     26.12% |           5      3.73%     29.85% |           6      4.48%     34.33% |           3      2.24%     36.57% |           5      3.73%     40.30% |           3      2.24%     42.54% |           2      1.49%     44.03% |           2      1.49%     45.52% |           4      2.99%     48.51% |           3      2.24%     50.75% |           5      3.73%     54.48% |           3      2.24%     56.72% |          14     10.45%     67.16% |           1      0.75%     67.91% |           3      2.24%     70.15% |           6      4.48%     74.63% |           1      0.75%     75.37% |           0      0.00%     75.37% |           1      0.75%     76.12% |           2      1.49%     77.61% |           4      2.99%     80.60% |           5      3.73%     84.33% |           5      3.73%     88.06% |           6      4.48%     92.54% |           3      2.24%     94.78% |           2      1.49%     96.27% |           2      1.49%     97.76% |           3      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         469      3.46%      3.46% |         423      3.12%      6.59% |         412      3.04%      9.63% |         411      3.04%     12.67% |         411      3.04%     15.71% |         402      2.97%     18.67% |         417      3.08%     21.76% |         417      3.08%     24.84% |         407      3.01%     27.84% |         415      3.07%     30.91% |         445      3.29%     34.20% |         438      3.24%     37.43% |         448      3.31%     40.74% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         450      3.32%     53.77% |         439      3.24%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         413      3.05%     63.26% |         385      2.84%     66.10% |         408      3.01%     69.11% |         404      2.98%     72.10% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.22% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         401      2.96%     87.72% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         423      3.12%     93.90% |         423      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41081     23.33%     23.33% |        4910      2.79%     26.12% |        3698      2.10%     28.22% |        4656      2.64%     30.86% |        3905      2.22%     33.08% |        3719      2.11%     35.19% |        3375      1.92%     37.10% |        3648      2.07%     39.18% |        4012      2.28%     41.45% |        3860      2.19%     43.65% |        5973      3.39%     47.04% |        4403      2.50%     49.54% |        3943      2.24%     51.78% |        3919      2.23%     54.00% |        3260      1.85%     55.85% |        3718      2.11%     57.96% |        4749      2.70%     60.66% |        3843      2.18%     62.84% |        4164      2.36%     65.21% |        4242      2.41%     67.62% |        4763      2.70%     70.32% |        7893      4.48%     74.80% |        3870      2.20%     77.00% |        4044      2.30%     79.30% |        3967      2.25%     81.55% |        4071      2.31%     83.86% |        3624      2.06%     85.92% |        3364      1.91%     87.83% |        4355      2.47%     90.30% |        3727      2.12%     92.42% |        4751      2.70%     95.12% |        8601      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7396      6.74%      6.74% |        4098      3.73%     10.47% |        1910      1.74%     12.21% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1934      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2575      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2730      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2783      2.54%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2911      2.65%     45.21% |        2695      2.46%     47.66% |        2993      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3552      3.24%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.75% |        3592      3.27%     65.03% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.40% |        3748      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.23% |        4547      4.14%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17851      3.81%      3.81% |       14537      3.10%      6.91% |       14549      3.10%     10.02% |       14526      3.10%     13.12% |       14516      3.10%     16.21% |       14523      3.10%     19.31% |       14533      3.10%     22.41% |       14537      3.10%     25.52% |       14545      3.10%     28.62% |       14556      3.11%     31.73% |       14549      3.10%     34.83% |       14547      3.10%     37.94% |       14533      3.10%     41.04% |       14542      3.10%     44.14% |       14533      3.10%     47.24% |       14530      3.10%     50.34% |       14571      3.11%     53.45% |       14549      3.10%     56.56% |       14552      3.11%     59.66% |       14547      3.10%     62.77% |       14536      3.10%     65.87% |       14557      3.11%     68.97% |       14544      3.10%     72.08% |       14547      3.10%     75.18% |       14556      3.11%     78.29% |       14550      3.10%     81.39% |       14543      3.10%     84.50% |       14538      3.10%     87.60% |       14536      3.10%     90.70% |       14515      3.10%     93.80% |       14529      3.10%     96.90% |       14528      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468605                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8313      3.18%      3.18% |        8217      3.15%      6.33% |        8227      3.15%      9.48% |        8177      3.13%     12.61% |        8170      3.13%     15.74% |        8152      3.12%     18.86% |        8149      3.12%     21.98% |        8149      3.12%     25.10% |        8166      3.13%     28.23% |        8201      3.14%     31.37% |        8181      3.13%     34.50% |        8155      3.12%     37.63% |        8163      3.13%     40.75% |        8154      3.12%     43.88% |        8173      3.13%     47.01% |        8123      3.11%     50.12% |        8152      3.12%     53.24% |        8133      3.11%     56.35% |        8141      3.12%     59.47% |        8130      3.11%     62.58% |        8154      3.12%     65.71% |        8126      3.11%     68.82% |        8146      3.12%     71.94% |        8125      3.11%     75.05% |        8131      3.11%     78.16% |        8165      3.13%     81.29% |        8150      3.12%     84.41% |        8124      3.11%     87.52% |        8155      3.12%     90.64% |        8163      3.13%     93.77% |        8128      3.11%     96.88% |        8140      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          35     21.74%     21.74% |           2      1.24%     22.98% |           1      0.62%     23.60% |          18     11.18%     34.78% |           3      1.86%     36.65% |           3      1.86%     38.51% |           4      2.48%     40.99% |           3      1.86%     42.86% |           5      3.11%     45.96% |           3      1.86%     47.83% |           2      1.24%     49.07% |           2      1.24%     50.31% |           3      1.86%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           4      2.48%     56.52% |           3      1.86%     58.39% |          16      9.94%     68.32% |           1      0.62%     68.94% |           2      1.24%     70.19% |          16      9.94%     80.12% |           1      0.62%     80.75% |           0      0.00%     80.75% |           1      0.62%     81.37% |           2      1.24%     82.61% |           3      1.86%     84.47% |           5      3.11%     87.58% |           4      2.48%     90.06% |           7      4.35%     94.41% |           3      1.86%     96.27% |           2      1.24%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          54     78.26%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |          15     21.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75569      7.23%      7.23% |       32683      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32199      3.08%     16.24% |       29603      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28911      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.38% |       29809      2.85%     33.24% |       32349      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31298      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30778      2.95%     59.57% |       31442      3.01%     62.58% |       31920      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31067      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31073      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30984      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32507      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33963      3.25%     96.37% |       37945      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          68      4.23%      4.23% |          47      2.93%      7.16% |          51      3.18%     10.34% |          45      2.80%     13.14% |          46      2.86%     16.00% |          49      3.05%     19.05% |          42      2.62%     21.67% |          49      3.05%     24.72% |          49      3.05%     27.77% |          45      2.80%     30.57% |          64      3.99%     34.56% |          43      2.68%     37.24% |          51      3.18%     40.41% |          44      2.74%     43.15% |          45      2.80%     45.95% |          40      2.49%     48.44% |          43      2.68%     51.12% |          47      2.93%     54.05% |          39      2.43%     56.48% |          50      3.11%     59.59% |          67      4.17%     63.76% |          90      5.60%     69.36% |          55      3.42%     72.79% |          50      3.11%     75.90% |          50      3.11%     79.02% |          46      2.86%     81.88% |          46      2.86%     84.74% |          48      2.99%     87.73% |          46      2.86%     90.60% |          47      2.93%     93.52% |          49      3.05%     96.58% |          55      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           7     31.82%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           7     31.82%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.89%      1.89% |           1      1.89%      3.77% |           2      3.77%      7.55% |           0      0.00%      7.55% |          11     20.75%     28.30% |           1      1.89%     30.19% |           2      3.77%     33.96% |           1      1.89%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           0      0.00%     35.85% |           2      3.77%     39.62% |          26     49.06%     88.68% |           1      1.89%     90.57% |           2      3.77%     94.34% |           0      0.00%     94.34% |           0      0.00%     94.34% |           0      0.00%     94.34% |           1      1.89%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      1.89%     98.11% |           1      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26810      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23268      3.12%      9.83% |       23195      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23155      3.10%     19.15% |       23172      3.11%     22.26% |       23179      3.11%     25.37% |       23195      3.11%     28.48% |       23244      3.12%     31.59% |       23267      3.12%     34.71% |       23209      3.11%     37.82% |       23222      3.11%     40.94% |       23194      3.11%     44.05% |       23227      3.11%     47.16% |       23157      3.10%     50.27% |       23254      3.12%     53.38% |       23193      3.11%     56.49% |       23192      3.11%     59.60% |       23170      3.11%     62.71% |       23167      3.11%     65.82% |       23207      3.11%     68.93% |       23175      3.11%     72.03% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23195      3.11%     78.25% |       23240      3.12%     81.36% |       23205      3.11%     84.47% |       23141      3.10%     87.58% |       23180      3.11%     90.68% |       23176      3.11%     93.79% |       23156      3.10%     96.90% |       23154      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745867                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           8     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.06%      2.06% |           0      0.00%      2.06% |           3      3.09%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          66      4.37%      4.37% |          47      3.11%      7.49% |          48      3.18%     10.67% |          43      2.85%     13.52% |          45      2.98%     16.50% |          48      3.18%     19.68% |          42      2.78%     22.47% |          47      3.11%     25.58% |          47      3.11%     28.69% |          44      2.92%     31.61% |          61      4.04%     35.65% |          41      2.72%     38.37% |          49      3.25%     41.62% |          44      2.92%     44.53% |          45      2.98%     47.51% |          40      2.65%     50.17% |          42      2.78%     52.95% |          46      3.05%     56.00% |          34      2.25%     58.25% |          42      2.78%     61.03% |          50      3.31%     64.35% |          73      4.84%     69.18% |          49      3.25%     72.43% |          43      2.85%     75.28% |          48      3.18%     78.46% |          44      2.92%     81.38% |          45      2.98%     84.36% |          46      3.05%     87.41% |          45      2.98%     90.39% |          45      2.98%     93.37% |          46      3.05%     96.42% |          54      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          22     52.38%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           8     19.05%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |          10     23.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         469      3.46%      3.46% |         423      3.12%      6.59% |         412      3.04%      9.63% |         411      3.04%     12.67% |         411      3.04%     15.71% |         402      2.97%     18.67% |         417      3.08%     21.76% |         417      3.08%     24.84% |         407      3.01%     27.84% |         415      3.07%     30.91% |         445      3.29%     34.20% |         438      3.24%     37.43% |         448      3.31%     40.74% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         450      3.32%     53.77% |         439      3.24%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         413      3.05%     63.26% |         385      2.84%     66.10% |         408      3.01%     69.11% |         404      2.98%     72.10% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.22% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         401      2.96%     87.72% |         414      3.06%     90.77% |         423      3.12%     93.90% |         423      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          16     13.01%     13.01% |           2      1.63%     14.63% |           1      0.81%     15.45% |          13     10.57%     26.02% |           3      2.44%     28.46% |           3      2.44%     30.89% |           4      3.25%     34.15% |           3      2.44%     36.59% |           5      4.07%     40.65% |           3      2.44%     43.09% |           2      1.63%     44.72% |           2      1.63%     46.34% |           3      2.44%     48.78% |           3      2.44%     51.22% |           4      3.25%     54.47% |           3      2.44%     56.91% |          14     11.38%     68.29% |           1      0.81%     69.11% |           2      1.63%     70.73% |           6      4.88%     75.61% |           1      0.81%     76.42% |           0      0.00%     76.42% |           1      0.81%     77.24% |           2      1.63%     78.86% |           3      2.44%     81.30% |           5      4.07%     85.37% |           4      3.25%     88.62% |           5      4.07%     92.68% |           3      2.44%     95.12% |           2      1.63%     96.75% |           2      1.63%     98.37% |           2      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          16     11.94%     11.94% |           3      2.24%     14.18% |           2      1.49%     15.67% |          11      8.21%     23.88% |           3      2.24%     26.12% |           5      3.73%     29.85% |           6      4.48%     34.33% |           3      2.24%     36.57% |           5      3.73%     40.30% |           3      2.24%     42.54% |           2      1.49%     44.03% |           2      1.49%     45.52% |           4      2.99%     48.51% |           3      2.24%     50.75% |           5      3.73%     54.48% |           3      2.24%     56.72% |          14     10.45%     67.16% |           1      0.75%     67.91% |           3      2.24%     70.15% |           6      4.48%     74.63% |           1      0.75%     75.37% |           0      0.00%     75.37% |           1      0.75%     76.12% |           2      1.49%     77.61% |           4      2.99%     80.60% |           5      3.73%     84.33% |           5      3.73%     88.06% |           6      4.48%     92.54% |           3      2.24%     94.78% |           2      1.49%     96.27% |           2      1.49%     97.76% |           3      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12406      4.30%      4.30% |        8969      3.11%      7.41% |        8987      3.12%     10.53% |        8924      3.09%     13.62% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8887      3.08%     19.79% |        8888      3.08%     22.87% |        8898      3.09%     25.96% |        8917      3.09%     29.05% |        8952      3.10%     32.15% |        8968      3.11%     35.26% |        8894      3.08%     38.35% |        8904      3.09%     41.43% |        8897      3.08%     44.52% |        8915      3.09%     47.61% |        8858      3.07%     50.68% |        8905      3.09%     53.77% |        8881      3.08%     56.85% |        8885      3.08%     59.93% |        8886      3.08%     63.01% |        8892      3.08%     66.09% |        8900      3.09%     69.18% |        8909      3.09%     72.27% |        8876      3.08%     75.34% |        8883      3.08%     78.42% |        8918      3.09%     81.52% |        8891      3.08%     84.60% |        8870      3.08%     87.68% |        8901      3.09%     90.76% |        8892      3.08%     93.84% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288406                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         450      3.33%      3.33% |         423      3.13%      6.46% |         415      3.07%      9.53% |         404      2.99%     12.52% |         410      3.03%     15.56% |         401      2.97%     18.52% |         414      3.06%     21.59% |         418      3.09%     24.68% |         407      3.01%     27.69% |         417      3.09%     30.78% |         443      3.28%     34.06% |         437      3.23%     37.29% |         450      3.33%     40.62% |         428      3.17%     43.79% |         448      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         407      3.01%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         410      3.03%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         402      2.98%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         425      3.15%     93.86% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14978      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14923      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14909      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75915      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29485      2.81%     13.15% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29785      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29091      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30399      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32551      3.10%     36.33% |       30866      2.94%     39.27% |       30522      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29598      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31503      3.00%     53.74% |       30315      2.88%     56.62% |       30939      2.94%     59.57% |       31637      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.63% |       37029      3.52%     69.16% |       31257      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31257      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31165      2.97%     84.02% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32690      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34147      3.25%     96.37% |       38136      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           2      2.50%      7.50% |           3      3.75%     11.25% |           3      3.75%     15.00% |           4      5.00%     20.00% |           3      3.75%     23.75% |           5      6.25%     30.00% |           3      3.75%     33.75% |           2      2.50%     36.25% |           2      2.50%     38.75% |           3      3.75%     42.50% |           3      3.75%     46.25% |           4      5.00%     51.25% |           3      3.75%     55.00% |           3      3.75%     58.75% |           1      1.25%     60.00% |           2      2.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      1.25%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           2      2.50%     67.50% |           3      3.75%     71.25% |           5      6.25%     77.50% |           4      5.00%     82.50% |           5      6.25%     88.75% |           3      3.75%     92.50% |           2      2.50%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          34     45.33%     45.33% |           0      0.00%     45.33% |           0      0.00%     45.33% |          13     17.33%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |           0      0.00%     62.67% |          11     14.67%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |           0      0.00%     77.33% |          15     20.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          35     22.58%     22.58% |           2      1.29%     23.87% |           1      0.65%     24.52% |          15      9.68%     34.19% |           3      1.94%     36.13% |           3      1.94%     38.06% |           4      2.58%     40.65% |           3      1.94%     42.58% |           5      3.23%     45.81% |           3      1.94%     47.74% |           2      1.29%     49.03% |           2      1.29%     50.32% |           3      1.94%     52.26% |           3      1.94%     54.19% |           4      2.58%     56.77% |           3      1.94%     58.71% |          14      9.03%     67.74% |           1      0.65%     68.39% |           2      1.29%     69.68% |          15      9.68%     79.35% |           1      0.65%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      0.65%     80.65% |           2      1.29%     81.94% |           3      1.94%     83.87% |           5      3.23%     87.10% |           4      2.58%     89.68% |           7      4.52%     94.19% |           3      1.94%     96.13% |           2      1.29%     97.42% |           2      1.29%     98.71% |           2      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          155                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      210169     22.93%     22.93% |      458372     50.00%     72.93% |       29891      3.26%     76.19% |       30858      3.37%     79.55% |       31113      3.39%     82.95% |       31818      3.47%     86.42% |       30302      3.31%     89.72% |       31575      3.44%     93.17% |       31270      3.41%     96.58% |       31376      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       916744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      210169     22.93%     22.93% |      458372     50.00%     72.93% |       29891      3.26%     76.19% |       30858      3.37%     79.55% |       31113      3.39%     82.95% |       31818      3.47%     86.42% |       30302      3.31%     89.72% |       31575      3.44%     93.17% |       31270      3.41%     96.58% |       31376      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       916744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      210169     22.93%     22.93% |      458372     50.00%     72.93% |       29891      3.26%     76.19% |       30858      3.37%     79.55% |       31113      3.39%     82.95% |       31818      3.47%     86.42% |       30302      3.31%     89.72% |       31575      3.44%     93.17% |       31270      3.41%     96.58% |       31376      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       916744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      210169     22.93%     22.93% |      458372     50.00%     72.93% |       29891      3.26%     76.19% |       30858      3.37%     79.55% |       31113      3.39%     82.95% |       31818      3.47%     86.42% |       30302      3.31%     89.72% |       31575      3.44%     93.17% |       31270      3.41%     96.58% |       31376      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       916744                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
