
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.068424                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68424219500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5244592298000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    94935                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               74175437                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4829664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   922.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50612807                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      87574498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14043072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14043072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4009280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    205235399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            205235399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     58594457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            58594457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    263829856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           263829856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219423                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14041536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4009024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14043072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4009280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      227                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      138                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  68423728000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219423                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 194472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  22382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        68528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.392949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.790483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   269.959951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22623     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18470     26.95%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14862     21.69%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2739      4.00%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1964      2.87%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1239      1.81%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1096      1.60%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          923      1.35%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4612      6.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        68528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.535997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    79.245942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12029     97.09%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          159      1.28%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          103      0.83%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           26      0.21%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           46      0.37%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      0.04%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.055771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.039184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.583663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12339     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            19      0.15%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            9      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1910867156                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6024598406                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8709.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27459.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      205.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       58.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   205.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    58.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  173607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  39897                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                79.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    242578.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10896026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    55237405750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              264925080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              253116360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              144552375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              138109125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862968600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             848211000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205804800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200108880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        31274119890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        30627711675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13617384750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14184409500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          50838472215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          50720383260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.056556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.330564                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13860352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13860352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3841984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3841984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    202565000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            202565000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56149475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            56149475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258714475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258714475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216568                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60031                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216568                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13859008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3841920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13860352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3841984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                       36                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       84                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  68423469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216568                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60031                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 191605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  22534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        64239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   275.532060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.777662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.132061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19245     29.96%     29.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17829     27.75%     57.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14648     22.80%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2587      4.03%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1941      3.02%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1294      2.01%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1100      1.71%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          895      1.39%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4700      7.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        64239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.046457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    80.270300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11526     97.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          154      1.30%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           91      0.77%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           38      0.32%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           48      0.40%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      0.04%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.052180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.037565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.540557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11835     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            18      0.15%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.13%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           14      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1792156188                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5852412438                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8276.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27026.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      202.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       56.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   202.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    56.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  172165                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  40165                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    247374.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11325476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    54808087000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              249434640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              236204640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              136100250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              128881500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             852196800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836737200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197717760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191276640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        30960373365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        30060951840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13892601000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14681567250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          50757140535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          50604335790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.867809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.634411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13861824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13861824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3843648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3843648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    202586513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            202586513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56173794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            56173794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258760306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258760306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216591                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60057                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216591                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60057                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13860992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3843648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13861824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3843648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                       34                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       79                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  68423502000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216591                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60057                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 192046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        64111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   276.136076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.350582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.141741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19102     29.80%     29.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17628     27.50%     57.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14778     23.05%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2658      4.15%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1972      3.08%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1275      1.99%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1064      1.66%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          933      1.46%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4701      7.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        64111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.219231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    82.098630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11537     97.06%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          154      1.30%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           82      0.69%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           32      0.27%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           49      0.41%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.052326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.037593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.539493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11828     99.50%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            33      0.28%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            9      0.08%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1820735932                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5881573432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8406.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27156.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      202.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       56.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   202.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    56.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  172282                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  40232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    247330.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11232925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    54901342250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              248905440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              235758600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              135811500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              128638125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             852352800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836823000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197763120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191373840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        30929348835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        30203035740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13919815500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14556932250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          50752713915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          50621278275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          741.803110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.882043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13846912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13846912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    202368578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            202368578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56119544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            56119544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    258488122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           258488122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13846272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3839744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13846976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3839936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        9                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       86                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  68423474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 191483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        64063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   276.059254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.136136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.378581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19187     29.95%     29.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17468     27.27%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14845     23.17%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2616      4.08%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1999      3.12%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1209      1.89%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1110      1.73%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          901      1.41%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4728      7.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        64063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.041688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    80.471910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11525     97.06%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          148      1.25%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           88      0.74%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           33      0.28%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           53      0.45%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      0.05%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.052720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.037942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.540377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11822     99.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            25      0.21%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           11      0.09%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1791101939                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5847626939                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8278.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27028.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      202.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       56.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   202.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    56.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  172041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  40235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    247589.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11125581000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2284620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    55008825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              248081400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              236234880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              135361875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              128898000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851026800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             836386200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         4468716720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        30850655490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        30000688020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13988844750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14734430250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          50740080795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          50596734390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          741.618464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.523309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              461108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              114108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7479096                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.278614                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                22.970189                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                10.959593                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7476792     99.97%     99.97% |        2084      0.03%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7479096                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     26500999                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.595473                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.424412                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.887603                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    25641578     96.76%     96.76% |      850630      3.21%     99.97% |        4563      0.02%     99.98% |        1110      0.00%     99.99% |         938      0.00%     99.99% |         714      0.00%     99.99% |         336      0.00%    100.00% |         303      0.00%    100.00% |         827      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      26500999                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            26500996                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              10.892506                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.593419                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             41.340289                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    26486630     99.95%     99.95% |       13848      0.05%    100.00% |         340      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              26500996                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        25275167                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000187                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000161                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013667                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25270448     99.98%     99.98% |        4718      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          25275167                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225829                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        173.622946                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       148.342955                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        95.820134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1211463     98.83%     98.83% |       13848      1.13%     99.96% |         340      0.03%     99.99% |         101      0.01%     99.99% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225829                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         827986                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       827986                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     18227018                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     18668526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6248690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6373370                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111528                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22748                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53047                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2260813                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45299                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       200824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       176919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       377743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       199775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       161053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       360828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       198434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       160554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       358988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           88                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       200426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       161042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       361468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11417                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         9053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37223                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           74                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9484064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9484064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9549899                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9484064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4680350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4679368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9484064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069303                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6048075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6048075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6069595                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6048075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3976059                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3972859                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6048075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.044195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4911635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4911635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4936815                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4911635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2483832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2483151                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4911635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035891                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4595499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4595499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4612595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4595499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2512575                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2511691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4595499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.033581                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4444075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4444075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4456918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4444075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2603802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2603347                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4444075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032474                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4653227                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4653227                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4666400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4653227                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2761502                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2761079                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4653227                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.034003                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4016188                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4016188                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4030949                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4016188                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1464041                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1463832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4016188                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029348                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2836290                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2836290                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2840875                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2836290                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1095459                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1095370                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2836290                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1666651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821917                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821891                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1665367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012169                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1746699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1746699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748314                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1746699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       965286                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       965203                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1746699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.012764                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1553268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1553268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1554790                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1553268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       681546                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       681532                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1553268                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011350                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1790598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1790598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1791820                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1790598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       838507                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       838486                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1790598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.013085                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2049679                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2049679                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2051454                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2049679                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1064390                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1064331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2049679                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1676206                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1676206                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1677589                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1676206                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       711558                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       711538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1676205                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.012249                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       883442                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       883442                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       884402                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       883442                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       883442                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1481643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1481643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1484433                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1481643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       671721                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       671647                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1481643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010827                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2024037                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2024037                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2027599                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2024037                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       817946                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       817893                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2024037                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014790                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1635793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1635793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1637496                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1635793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694797                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694769                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1635793                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.011953                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1584779                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1584779                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1587863                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584779                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733220                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733143                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1584779                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011581                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       892107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       892107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893136                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       892107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398582                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398567                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       892107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       913431                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       913431                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       913652                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       913431                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474321                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474319                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       913431                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006675                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1009975                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1009975                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1010344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1009975                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       564134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564107                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1009975                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007380                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       918268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       918268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       918676                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       444720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       444720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       918268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       591366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       591366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       591366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       591366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       274118                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       274118                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       591366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004321                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       873515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       873515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       873705                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       873515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       430035                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       430031                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       873515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006383                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       996591                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       996591                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       996943                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       996591                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       552587                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       552559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       996591                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       904060                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       904060                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       904476                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       904060                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       432112                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       432112                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       904060                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006606                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       598146                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       598146                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       598146                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       598146                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275762                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275762                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       598146                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3736946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3736946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3752725                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3736946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770546                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1770158                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3736946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.027307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3840861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3840861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3855311                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3840861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1843752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1843441                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3840861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.028067                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3712281                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3712281                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3723137                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3712281                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1582650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1582345                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3712281                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.027127                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3862391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3862391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3875391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3862391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1686666                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1686311                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3862391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.028224                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6393254     29.49%     29.49% |    14167811     65.34%     94.83% |     1120617      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21681682                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6393256     29.49%     29.49% |    14167812     65.34%     94.83% |     1120617      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21681685                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   151232983                       |   332986964                       |    25209909                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15479172                       |    45536124                       |     1120638                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   23.655088                       |   23.503064                       |   22.496454                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.421173                       |    3.214055                       |    1.000019                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.495864                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.865826                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.361690                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002458                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052961      6.99%      6.99% |    0.053109      7.01%     14.01% |    0.052920      6.99%     21.00% |    0.053036      7.00%     28.00% |    0.126785     16.75%     44.75% |    0.124872     16.49%     61.24% |    0.126887     16.76%     78.00% |    0.124847     16.49%     94.49% |    0.010427      1.38%     95.87% |    0.010430      1.38%     97.25% |    0.010428      1.38%     98.62% |    0.010429      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.757131                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.018709                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019786                       |    0.000002                       |    0.004306                       |    0.003738                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003742                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004306                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002160                       |    0.002166                       |    0.002174                       |    0.002150                       |    0.002129                       |    0.002098                       |    0.002209                       |    0.002199                       |    0.002240                       |    0.002183                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002142                       |    0.002128                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002247                       |    0.002158                       |    0.002174                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002151                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002168                       |    0.002119                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002147                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002159                       |    0.002190                       |    0.002180                       |    0.002279                       |    0.002317                       |    0.009609                       |    0.009481                       |    0.009482                       |    0.009472                       |    0.000179                       |           0                       |    0.000559                       |    0.006613                       |    0.001532                       |    0.001517                       |    0.001486                       |    0.001519                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.000181                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002330                       |    0.001921                       |           0                       |    0.002269                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |    0.004539                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.002268                       |    0.004850                       |           0                       |    0.006799                       |    0.009065                       |    0.004324                       |    0.007750                       |    0.002238                       |    0.001532                       |    0.007666                       |    0.007888                       |    0.008817                       |    0.007056                       |    0.002225                       |    0.001517                       |    0.009501                       |    0.007127                       |    0.006154                       |           0                       |    0.002218                       |    0.004732                       |           0                       |    0.009492                       |    0.006713                       |    0.004912                       |           0                       |    0.002236                       |           0                       |    0.004383                       |    0.003362                       |    0.003104                       |           0                       |    0.002260                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.002224                       |           0                       |    0.000907                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002098                       |           0                       |    0.002228                       |           0                       |    0.000831                       |    0.003219                       |    0.004350                       |    0.002136                       |    0.007035                       |    0.002246                       |    0.001486                       |    0.003304                       |    0.006490                       |    0.009123                       |    0.002790                       |    0.024008                       |    0.003710                       |    0.000559                       |    0.009325                       |    0.012338                       |    0.016042                       |    0.003320                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002244                       |    0.006613                       |    0.008780                       |    0.010622                       |    0.012710                       |    0.003224                       |    0.007056                       |    0.002210                       |    0.001519                       |    0.004894                       |    0.008503                       |    0.006395                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.002236                       |           0                       |    0.001988                       |    0.004300                       |    0.003212                       |    0.003242                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.000821                       |    0.002147                       |    0.002098                       |           0                       |    0.002251                       |           0                       |    0.000089                       |    0.002168                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002289                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002445                       |    0.004408                       |    0.002209                       |           0                       |    0.002323                       |    0.004733                       |           0                       |    0.004076                       |    0.004806                       |    0.008998                       |    0.002191                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.016091                       |    0.004658                       |    0.004101                       |    0.002291                       |           0                       |    0.002190                       |           0                       |    0.004681                       |    0.007610                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.002319                       |    0.004728                       |           0                       |    0.004671                       |    0.009544                       |    0.004713                       |    0.002249                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.001179                       |    0.004294                       |    0.002357                       |    0.002219                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002212                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002209                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004247                       |           0                       |    0.002191                       |           0                       |    0.003510                       |           0                       |    0.005126                       |           0                       |    0.002291                       |           0                       |    0.007290                       |    0.002273                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.005126                       |    0.002858                       |           0                       |    0.002249                       |           0                       |    0.004683                       |    0.004649                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002219                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004300                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002212                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002159                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.757131                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9170225                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9170225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6894832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6264697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.860764                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1117159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29507                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15348196                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52821                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            12926939                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             45056                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15401017                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        12971995                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28275135                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97877                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28373012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              6380511                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9745                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          6390256                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   6380511                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9745                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               6390256                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                130020066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22189477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               59007384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9170225                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      7381856                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             102778979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          758134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       162450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       237577                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       323300                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           6379836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        138216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    126217827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.832000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.176690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        106456581     84.34%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1880427      1.49%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1406743      1.11%     86.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3050295      2.42%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2111708      1.67%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           825693      0.65%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2169564      1.72%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           958792      0.76%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7358024      5.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    126217827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.070529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.453833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11157359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     101150189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5936422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7594783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         379067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       99258809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         379067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13722602                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        58161357                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6503313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10471911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      36979570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       97844293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13713364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    103983199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     224536298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    148053139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      91488929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12494255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       177057                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179363                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          44762042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     10217293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13151420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4499165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4108463                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           95395745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1032830                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          99285152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7824573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12093254                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62932                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    126217827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.786618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.448462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     84555862     66.99%     66.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18076812     14.32%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7616289      6.03%     87.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6306822      5.00%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4003611      3.17%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3640253      2.88%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483240      1.18%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339357      0.27%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195581      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    126217827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181205     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631922     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84578      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273201      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      70425482     70.93%     71.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28138      0.03%     71.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52380      0.05%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15487335     15.60%     86.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13018616     13.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       99285152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.763614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897705                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009042                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    325858272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    104260410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     92766764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       99909608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3880736                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1156318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       520200                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5969542                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         379067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         9147867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34905145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     96428575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      10217293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13151420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1023610                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1097181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      98707023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15337339                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28279077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7604268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           12941738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.759168                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               92847559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              92766800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          55759874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          97521080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.713481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.571773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8841580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       969898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    124824325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.701582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.724091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     96648632     77.43%     77.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10609542      8.50%     85.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4749070      3.80%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2834258      2.27%     92.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3018556      2.42%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2459739      1.97%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       481027      0.39%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483050      0.39%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3540451      2.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    124824325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     50612806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       87574495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               21692190                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               9060971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7222227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          87200098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1038195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159111      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     65645387     74.96%     75.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26935      0.03%     75.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50872      0.06%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      9060971     10.35%     85.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     12631219     14.42%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     87574495                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3540451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            217625736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           194232031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3802239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            50612806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              87574495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.568916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.568916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.389269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.389269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        150965940                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        71891584                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32005216                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25377232                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43293347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         169048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              19325891500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            19325891499.999985                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.07374e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3413972                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.796666                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.099530                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.654544                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3411669     99.93%     99.93% |        2083      0.06%     99.99% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3413972                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4043003                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.861656                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.877903                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.284015                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      644588     15.94%     15.94% |     2243221     55.48%     71.43% |     1134220     28.05%     99.48% |       20943      0.52%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4043003                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         22121                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.533113                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.153929                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.431739                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         706      3.19%      3.19% |        3532     15.97%     19.16% |       10228     46.24%     65.39% |        4259     19.25%     84.65% |        3285     14.85%     99.50% |         111      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           22121                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7271056                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           23.803533                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.685967                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          66.864463                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7259911     99.85%     99.85% |       10629      0.15%     99.99% |         338      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7271056                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6466960                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000437                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000377                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020911                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6464134     99.96%     99.96% |        2825      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6466960                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804096                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     191.112896                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    169.051688                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     94.630046                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      792951     98.61%     98.61% |       10629      1.32%     99.94% |         338      0.04%     99.98% |         101      0.01%     99.99% |          31      0.00%     99.99% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804096                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         12698824                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            6.678284                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.273457                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          27.662793                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    12509602     98.51%     98.51% |      167063      1.32%     99.83% |       18907      0.15%     99.97% |         292      0.00%     99.98% |        1289      0.01%     99.99% |        1485      0.01%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           12698824                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     12411111                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000142                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000123                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011935                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12409343     99.99%     99.99% |        1768      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       12411111                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287713                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.342730                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.768390                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.538141                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98491     34.23%     34.23% |      167063     58.07%     92.30% |       18907      6.57%     98.87% |         292      0.10%     98.97% |        1289      0.45%     99.42% |        1485      0.52%     99.94% |         181      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      6373368                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.612225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.195326                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.897414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     6359327     99.78%     99.78% |       11505      0.18%     99.96% |        2269      0.04%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        6373368                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6248690                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000400                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6248689    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6248690                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.414740                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.415349                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.689160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110637     88.74%     88.74% |       11505      9.23%     97.97% |        2269      1.82%     99.79% |          48      0.04%     99.82% |          94      0.08%     99.90% |         110      0.09%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124678                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.805651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.651280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.389409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154419     98.71%     98.71% |        1562      1.00%     99.71% |         398      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000843                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000727                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.029019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      147004     99.92%     99.92% |         124      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.520619                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    81.074410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.064685                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7291     78.30%     78.30% |        1562     16.77%     95.07% |         398      4.27%     99.34% |          19      0.20%     99.55% |          20      0.21%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9312                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.359327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.450811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.654853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.76%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13469                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       553007                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63046                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17982                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   109368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   217714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    14924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   109369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    15573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   217758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    14933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  109346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   14144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  217321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                  109352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   15588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  218385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   14941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1519                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      27                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                14376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               219264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                15832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               219264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               14376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              218880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses              110880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               15832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              219904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               15104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  321285                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  409225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  725354                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  421372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  235675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  371120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  686142                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  380159                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  212072                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 412120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 725313                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 422237                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 236485                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295343436                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295650658                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295351125                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295178760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    6696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  216960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    7128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  216960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   6696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 216576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                 108576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   7128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 217600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  12800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   8704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  7680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  8704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  2304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               107074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               215435                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits               107069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 6907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               215479                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              107047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                6488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              215037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits              107061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                6912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              216109                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               12637                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1525                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1507                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1529                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1539                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               173                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses              1515                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2300                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               2299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2291                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               8676                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               2276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               2304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               311                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 739521                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               16740169                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2220865                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               17267957                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                1359031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               16741032                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2279741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles               17267509                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                1304163                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles              16564621                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2198142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles              17036463                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               1310656                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles              16554764                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2286526                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles              17039992                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1300536                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                642581                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              16571584                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2113348                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              17094026                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1306401                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              16575423                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2175395                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles              17096174                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1258910                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             16396683                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2092554                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             16862750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1262130                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles             16389467                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2182021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles             16868730                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1254758                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             270897                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1138050                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             875001                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1156056                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             186796                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1140180                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             853249                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1156399                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             185400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1148022                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            870174                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1160187                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            182636                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1143509                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            854220                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1157080                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            187410                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               898505                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               227535                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               233142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               239343                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               204405                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               210852                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               214613                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              227284                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              232523                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              239229                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              205131                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              211523                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              214677                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           642581                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         16571584                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2113348                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         17094026                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1306401                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         16575423                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2175395                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time         17096174                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1258910                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        16396683                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2092554                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        16862750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1262130                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time        16389467                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2182021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time        16868730                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1254758                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        262963                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1138050                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        874321                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1156056                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        186730                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1140180                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        852667                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1156399                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        185260                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1148022                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       869595                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1160187                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       182412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1143509                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       853663                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1157080                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       187161                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          595318                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          227535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          233142                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          238452                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          204405                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          210852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          213812                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         227284                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         232523                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         238337                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         205131                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         211523                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         213876                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             739007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           16600681                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2113348                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           17124323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            1336575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           16601544                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2175395                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time           17123865                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            1285668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          16425133                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2092554                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          16892829                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           1292085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time          16415276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2182021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time          16896358                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1281917                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1236                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               917                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1200                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               850                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1274                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles              949                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1262                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              934                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         107040716                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         108614483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         117271164                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         107040712                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         108614479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         117271160                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        107040718                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        108614485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        117271166                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        107040714                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        108614481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        117271162                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         20024943                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         28150318                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         20502163                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         27620501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         19569782                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         28094409                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         20501031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         27560279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         19538719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        28012747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        20500072                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        27488366                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        19548577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        28012349                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        20515673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        27490329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        19538276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               217                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             1507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             1451                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3235                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             7584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             8601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             78436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             95936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             78788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             98386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              5262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            78719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            95644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             5134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            78905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             6312                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            98457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             406                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1927                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1101                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             718                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             342                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1928                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             703                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             651                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            541                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           1946                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1472                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            968                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           1922                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            702                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles            947                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219396     25.25%     25.25% |      216568     24.92%     50.17% |      216591     24.93%     75.10% |      216359     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868914                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56749     25.90%     25.90% |       54129     24.70%     50.60% |       54151     24.71%     75.31% |       54092     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219423     25.25%     25.25% |      216568     24.92%     50.18% |      216591     24.93%     75.10% |      216358     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62645     25.81%     25.81% |       60031     24.73%     50.54% |       60057     24.74%     75.28% |       59999     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154455     25.03%     25.03% |      154247     25.00%     50.03% |      154248     25.00%     75.03% |      154075     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219396     25.25%     25.25% |      216568     24.92%     50.17% |      216591     24.93%     75.10% |      216359     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868914                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56494     25.88%     25.88% |       53935     24.71%     50.59% |       53961     24.72%     75.31% |       53903     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154455     25.03%     25.03% |      154247     25.00%     50.03% |      154248     25.00%     75.03% |      154075     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219396     25.25%     25.25% |      216568     24.92%     50.17% |      216591     24.93%     75.10% |      216358     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56494     25.88%     25.88% |       53935     24.71%     50.59% |       53961     24.72%     75.31% |       53903     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5882225     80.89%     80.89% |          76      0.00%     80.89% |      354059      4.87%     85.76% |      345275      4.75%     90.51% |      344459      4.74%     95.24% |      345915      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7272009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6373435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      6373435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    12788745     99.46%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |       23684      0.18%     99.65% |       15553      0.12%     99.77% |       14529      0.11%     99.88% |       15553      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12858064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       16284     82.35%     82.35% |          71      0.36%     82.71% |        1317      6.66%     89.37% |         699      3.54%     92.91% |         681      3.44%     96.35% |         721      3.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        19773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      562121     46.10%     46.10% |           0      0.00%     46.10% |      176348     14.46%     60.56% |      160486     13.16%     73.72% |      159995     13.12%     86.84% |      160470     13.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1219420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23      4.80%      4.80% |         150     31.32%     36.12% |         150     31.32%     67.43% |         156     32.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.75%      0.75% |           3      0.16%      0.91% |         214     11.45%     12.36% |         520     27.82%     40.18% |         538     28.79%     68.97% |         580     31.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     76.34%     76.34% |           3      3.23%     79.57% |          11     11.83%     91.40% |           8      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154684     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.35% |      166375     20.81%     40.16% |      159597     19.96%     60.12% |      159233     19.91%     80.04% |      159620     19.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       799572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.05%      0.05% |          13      0.70%      0.75% |        1201     64.26%     65.01% |         239     12.79%     77.80% |         208     11.13%     88.92% |         207     11.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411479     97.02%     97.02% |           0      0.00%     97.02% |        9231      2.18%     99.20% |        1176      0.28%     99.47% |        1068      0.25%     99.73% |        1166      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       424120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          76     40.21%     40.21% |          38     20.11%     60.32% |          34     17.99%     78.31% |          41     21.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      7.84%      7.84% |           0      0.00%      7.84% |         112     41.79%     49.63% |          41     15.30%     64.93% |          45     16.79%     81.72% |          49     18.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438352     40.23%     40.23% |           0      0.00%     40.23% |      174449     16.01%     56.24% |      159115     14.60%     70.84% |      158651     14.56%     85.40% |      159079     14.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1089646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153841     19.17%     19.17% |          38      0.00%     19.17% |      168088     20.94%     40.12% |      160346     19.98%     60.10% |      159929     19.93%     80.02% |      160328     19.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      123075    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       123075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286108     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8772      2.96%     99.37% |         652      0.22%     99.58% |         578      0.19%     99.78% |         654      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11302     77.94%     77.94% |           0      0.00%     77.94% |        1259      8.68%     86.63% |         642      4.43%     91.06% |         628      4.33%     95.39% |         669      4.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        14500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1441     94.37%     94.37% |          38      2.49%     96.86% |          12      0.79%     97.64% |          12      0.79%     98.43% |          12      0.79%     99.21% |          12      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          97     83.62%     83.62% |           0      0.00%     83.62% |           6      5.17%     88.79% |           5      4.31%     93.10% |           1      0.86%     93.97% |           7      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1068     63.27%     63.27% |           0      0.00%     63.27% |          60      3.55%     66.82% |         187     11.08%     77.90% |         187     11.08%     88.98% |         186     11.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |      174894     24.58%     26.31% |      174536     24.53%     50.84% |      174161     24.48%     75.32% |      175567     24.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6248690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6248690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     12.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |          41     23.43%     35.43% |          38     21.71%     57.14% |          34     19.43%     76.57% |          41     23.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2579     91.68%     91.68% |          14      0.50%     92.18% |          58      2.06%     94.24% |          57      2.03%     96.27% |          53      1.88%     98.15% |          52      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122582     95.79%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |        1839      1.44%     97.23% |        1184      0.93%     98.15% |        1157      0.90%     99.06% |        1205      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       127967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596781     97.56%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |       10617      0.65%     98.20% |        9932      0.61%     98.81% |        9909      0.61%     99.42% |        9558      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1636797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25254     50.81%     50.81% |           0      0.00%     50.81% |        6113     12.30%     63.11% |        6110     12.29%     75.41% |        6123     12.32%     87.73% |        6100     12.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1993     97.22%     97.22% |          57      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127324     17.07%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |      159956     21.44%     38.51% |      153065     20.52%     59.02% |      152672     20.46%     79.49% |      153042     20.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       746059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         127     33.51%     33.51% |         126     33.25%     66.75% |         126     33.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.13%      0.13% |           3      0.39%      0.52% |         179     23.43%     23.95% |         169     22.12%     46.07% |         186     24.35%     70.42% |         226     29.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4116965     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         448      0.01%     99.97% |         449      0.01%     99.98% |         448      0.01%     99.99% |         450      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4118760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    12475773     99.73%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |        8752      0.07%     99.80% |        8748      0.07%     99.87% |        7793      0.06%     99.93% |        8751      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     12509817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311028     90.52%     90.52% |           0      0.00%     90.52% |       14493      4.22%     94.74% |        6050      1.76%     96.50% |        5979      1.74%     98.24% |        6037      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       343587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     23.00%     23.00% |          23     23.00%     46.00% |          24     24.00%     70.00% |          30     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      1.18%      1.18% |           0      0.00%      1.18% |          35      3.17%      4.34% |         351     31.76%     36.11% |         352     31.86%     67.96% |         354     32.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154684     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.35% |      166375     20.81%     40.16% |      159597     19.96%     60.12% |      159233     19.91%     80.04% |      159620     19.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       799572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.05%      0.05% |          13      0.70%      0.75% |        1201     64.26%     65.01% |         239     12.79%     77.80% |         208     11.13%     88.92% |         207     11.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125274     98.38%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |         524      0.41%     98.79% |         522      0.41%     99.20% |         500      0.39%     99.60% |         513      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     76.34%     76.34% |           3      3.23%     79.57% |          11     11.83%     91.40% |           8      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286205     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8707      2.93%     99.37% |         654      0.22%     99.59% |         568      0.19%     99.78% |         653      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          76     40.21%     40.21% |          38     20.11%     60.32% |          34     17.99%     78.31% |          41     21.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      7.84%      7.84% |           0      0.00%      7.84% |         112     41.79%     49.63% |          41     15.30%     64.93% |          45     16.79%     81.72% |          49     18.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         952    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438352     40.23%     40.23% |           0      0.00%     40.23% |      174449     16.01%     56.24% |      159115     14.60%     70.84% |      158651     14.56%     85.40% |      159079     14.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1089646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3872      3.10%      3.10% |        3794      3.04%      6.15% |        3504      2.81%      8.96% |        3509      2.81%     11.77% |        3600      2.89%     14.66% |        3983      3.19%     17.85% |        3762      3.02%     20.87% |        3278      2.63%     23.50% |        3542      2.84%     26.34% |        5171      4.15%     30.48% |        3924      3.15%     33.63% |        3834      3.07%     36.70% |        3510      2.81%     39.52% |        4374      3.51%     43.03% |        3916      3.14%     46.17% |        3771      3.02%     49.19% |        4189      3.36%     52.55% |        4207      3.37%     55.92% |        3574      2.87%     58.79% |        3280      2.63%     61.42% |        3104      2.49%     63.91% |        3742      3.00%     66.91% |        3560      2.85%     69.76% |        3434      2.75%     72.52% |        3658      2.93%     75.45% |        3770      3.02%     78.47% |        3306      2.65%     81.12% |        4754      3.81%     84.94% |        3976      3.19%     88.12% |        5253      4.21%     92.34% |        5086      4.08%     96.41% |        4472      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65026      8.09%      8.09% |       24815      3.09%     11.17% |       23703      2.95%     14.12% |       24431      3.04%     17.16% |       23822      2.96%     20.12% |       23545      2.93%     23.05% |       23095      2.87%     25.92% |       23142      2.88%     28.80% |       24589      3.06%     31.86% |       23671      2.94%     34.80% |       25092      3.12%     37.92% |       24514      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22844      2.84%     49.63% |       23173      2.88%     52.52% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23701      2.95%     58.59% |       23900      2.97%     61.56% |       23887      2.97%     64.53% |       23673      2.94%     67.48% |       23621      2.94%     70.42% |       23531      2.93%     73.34% |       23271      2.89%     76.24% |       24414      3.04%     79.27% |       23624      2.94%     82.21% |       23356      2.90%     85.11% |       22901      2.85%     87.96% |       23522      2.93%     90.89% |       23067      2.87%     93.76% |       23844      2.97%     96.72% |       26365      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14746      4.97%      4.97% |        8840      2.98%      7.94% |        9243      3.11%     11.06% |        8683      2.92%     13.98% |        9392      3.16%     17.15% |        8832      2.97%     20.12% |        8952      3.02%     23.14% |        8611      2.90%     26.04% |        9451      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8688      2.93%     38.23% |        9225      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.87%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8633      2.91%     56.16% |        9346      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9567      3.22%     71.70% |        8816      2.97%     74.67% |        9314      3.14%     77.81% |        8798      2.96%     80.77% |        9566      3.22%     84.00% |        9001      3.03%     87.03% |        9725      3.28%     90.30% |        8914      3.00%     93.30% |       10519      3.54%     96.85% |        9359      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296899                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         156     89.14%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           1      0.57%     89.71% |           1      0.57%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           2      1.14%     91.43% |           1      0.57%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           7      4.00%     96.00% |           1      0.57%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           1      0.57%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      1.14%     98.29% |           1      0.57%     98.86% |           1      0.57%     99.43% |           1      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76551      7.03%      7.03% |       33240      3.05%     10.08% |       32537      2.99%     13.06% |       32717      3.00%     16.06% |       32956      3.02%     19.09% |       31872      2.92%     22.01% |       31829      2.92%     24.93% |       31537      2.89%     27.83% |       33803      3.10%     30.93% |       32221      2.96%     33.89% |       34142      3.13%     37.02% |       32990      3.03%     40.05% |       32561      2.99%     43.04% |       31607      2.90%     45.94% |       31640      2.90%     48.84% |       31540      2.89%     51.74% |       34139      3.13%     54.87% |       31971      2.93%     57.80% |       32842      3.01%     60.82% |       32412      2.97%     63.79% |       32902      3.02%     66.81% |       32345      2.97%     69.78% |       32880      3.02%     72.80% |       31872      2.92%     75.72% |       33514      3.08%     78.80% |       32210      2.96%     81.75% |       32719      3.00%     84.76% |       31691      2.91%     87.67% |       33039      3.03%     90.70% |       31778      2.92%     93.61% |       34144      3.13%     96.75% |       35445      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1089646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9275      4.26%      4.26% |        6724      3.08%      7.34% |        6742      3.09%     10.43% |        6731      3.09%     13.52% |        6711      3.08%     16.60% |        6723      3.08%     19.68% |        6732      3.09%     22.77% |        6723      3.08%     25.86% |        6740      3.09%     28.95% |        6740      3.09%     32.04% |        6743      3.09%     35.13% |        6740      3.09%     38.23% |        6726      3.09%     41.31% |        6729      3.09%     44.40% |        6726      3.09%     47.48% |        6727      3.09%     50.57% |        6751      3.10%     53.67% |        6726      3.09%     56.75% |        6744      3.09%     59.85% |        6732      3.09%     62.94% |        6730      3.09%     66.02% |        6750      3.10%     69.12% |        6737      3.09%     72.21% |        6735      3.09%     75.30% |        6742      3.09%     78.39% |        6738      3.09%     81.48% |        6736      3.09%     84.57% |        6729      3.09%     87.66% |        6736      3.09%     90.75% |        6720      3.08%     93.83% |        6718      3.08%     96.92% |        6722      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19526      3.16%      3.16% |       19303      3.13%      6.29% |       19378      3.14%      9.43% |       19298      3.13%     12.55% |       19313      3.13%     15.68% |       19282      3.12%     18.81% |       19252      3.12%     21.93% |       19266      3.12%     25.05% |       19283      3.12%     28.17% |       19308      3.13%     31.30% |       19347      3.13%     34.43% |       19275      3.12%     37.55% |       19325      3.13%     40.68% |       19308      3.13%     43.81% |       19288      3.12%     46.94% |       19264      3.12%     50.06% |       19284      3.12%     53.18% |       19313      3.13%     56.31% |       19269      3.12%     59.43% |       19228      3.11%     62.54% |       19248      3.12%     65.66% |       19245      3.12%     68.78% |       19248      3.12%     71.90% |       19249      3.12%     75.02% |       19298      3.13%     78.14% |       19309      3.13%     81.27% |       19286      3.12%     84.39% |       19239      3.12%     87.51% |       19261      3.12%     90.63% |       19264      3.12%     93.75% |       19263      3.12%     96.87% |       19320      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       617340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29917      3.44%      3.44% |       27077      3.12%      6.56% |       27167      3.13%      9.69% |       27077      3.12%     12.80% |       27071      3.12%     15.92% |       27052      3.11%     19.03% |       27032      3.11%     22.14% |       27037      3.11%     25.25% |       27071      3.12%     28.37% |       27096      3.12%     31.49% |       27137      3.12%     34.61% |       27063      3.11%     37.72% |       27098      3.12%     40.84% |       27084      3.12%     43.96% |       27061      3.11%     47.07% |       27038      3.11%     50.19% |       27082      3.12%     53.30% |       27087      3.12%     56.42% |       27061      3.11%     59.54% |       27008      3.11%     62.64% |       27026      3.11%     65.75% |       27044      3.11%     68.87% |       27033      3.11%     71.98% |       27031      3.11%     75.09% |       27087      3.12%     78.21% |       27096      3.12%     81.32% |       27071      3.12%     84.44% |       27014      3.11%     87.55% |       27044      3.11%     90.66% |       27032      3.11%     93.77% |       27029      3.11%     96.88% |       27090      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28893      3.46%      3.46% |       26053      3.12%      6.57% |       26143      3.13%      9.70% |       26053      3.12%     12.81% |       26047      3.12%     15.93% |       26028      3.11%     19.04% |       26008      3.11%     22.15% |       26013      3.11%     25.26% |       26047      3.12%     28.38% |       26072      3.12%     31.50% |       26113      3.12%     34.62% |       26039      3.11%     37.73% |       26074      3.12%     40.85% |       26060      3.12%     43.97% |       26037      3.11%     47.08% |       26014      3.11%     50.19% |       26058      3.12%     53.31% |       26063      3.12%     56.43% |       26037      3.11%     59.54% |       25984      3.11%     62.65% |       26002      3.11%     65.76% |       26020      3.11%     68.87% |       26009      3.11%     71.98% |       26007      3.11%     75.09% |       26063      3.12%     78.21% |       26072      3.12%     81.33% |       26047      3.12%     84.44% |       25990      3.11%     87.55% |       26020      3.11%     90.66% |       26008      3.11%     93.77% |       26005      3.11%     96.88% |       26066      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         227     14.98%     14.98% |          44      2.90%     17.89% |          52      3.43%     21.32% |          52      3.43%     24.75% |          59      3.89%     28.65% |          56      3.70%     32.34% |          34      2.24%     34.59% |          39      2.57%     37.16% |          48      3.17%     40.33% |          36      2.38%     42.71% |          44      2.90%     45.61% |          36      2.38%     47.99% |          42      2.77%     50.76% |          32      2.11%     52.87% |          33      2.18%     55.05% |          31      2.05%     57.10% |          32      2.11%     59.21% |          39      2.57%     61.78% |          40      2.64%     64.42% |          36      2.38%     66.80% |          32      2.11%     68.91% |          40      2.64%     71.55% |          37      2.44%     73.99% |          38      2.51%     76.50% |          39      2.57%     79.08% |          44      2.90%     81.98% |          47      3.10%     85.08% |          46      3.04%     88.12% |          46      3.04%     91.16% |          46      3.04%     94.19% |          55      3.63%     97.82% |          33      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         745     97.51%     97.51% |           4      0.52%     98.04% |           3      0.39%     98.43% |           2      0.26%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           1      0.13%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           1      0.13%     98.95% |           3      0.39%     99.35% |           3      0.39%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         597     37.20%     37.20% |          43      2.68%     39.88% |          39      2.43%     42.31% |          39      2.43%     44.74% |          30      1.87%     46.60% |          30      1.87%     48.47% |          30      1.87%     50.34% |          30      1.87%     52.21% |          30      1.87%     54.08% |          30      1.87%     55.95% |          30      1.87%     57.82% |          30      1.87%     59.69% |          33      2.06%     61.74% |          30      1.87%     63.61% |          31      1.93%     65.55% |          30      1.87%     67.41% |          30      1.87%     69.28% |          42      2.62%     71.90% |          43      2.68%     74.58% |          43      2.68%     77.26% |          30      1.87%     79.13% |          30      1.87%     81.00% |          32      1.99%     82.99% |          30      1.87%     84.86% |          30      1.87%     86.73% |          31      1.93%     88.66% |          30      1.87%     90.53% |          30      1.87%     92.40% |          32      1.99%     94.39% |          30      1.87%     96.26% |          30      1.87%     98.13% |          30      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         1605                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1167      6.68%      6.68% |         494      2.83%      9.50% |         526      3.01%     12.51% |         498      2.85%     15.36% |         514      2.94%     18.31% |         517      2.96%     21.26% |         497      2.84%     24.11% |         512      2.93%     27.04% |         517      2.96%     30.00% |         518      2.96%     32.96% |         556      3.18%     36.14% |         532      3.04%     39.19% |         563      3.22%     42.41% |         562      3.22%     45.62% |         540      3.09%     48.71% |         540      3.09%     51.80% |         551      3.15%     54.96% |         562      3.22%     58.17% |         525      3.00%     61.18% |         497      2.84%     64.02% |         502      2.87%     66.89% |         521      2.98%     69.87% |         511      2.92%     72.80% |         521      2.98%     75.78% |         537      3.07%     78.85% |         541      3.10%     81.95% |         528      3.02%     84.97% |         510      2.92%     87.89% |         507      2.90%     90.79% |         519      2.97%     93.76% |         516      2.95%     96.71% |         575      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         907     48.53%     48.53% |          36      1.93%     50.45% |          33      1.77%     52.22% |          32      1.71%     53.93% |          30      1.61%     55.54% |          30      1.61%     57.14% |          30      1.61%     58.75% |          30      1.61%     60.35% |          30      1.61%     61.96% |          30      1.61%     63.56% |          30      1.61%     65.17% |          30      1.61%     66.77% |          34      1.82%     68.59% |          30      1.61%     70.20% |          31      1.66%     71.86% |          30      1.61%     73.46% |          31      1.66%     75.12% |          33      1.77%     76.89% |          34      1.82%     78.71% |          33      1.77%     80.47% |          30      1.61%     82.08% |          30      1.61%     83.68% |          32      1.71%     85.39% |          30      1.61%     87.00% |          30      1.61%     88.60% |          31      1.66%     90.26% |          30      1.61%     91.87% |          30      1.61%     93.47% |          32      1.71%     95.18% |          30      1.61%     96.79% |          30      1.61%     98.39% |          30      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77816      7.10%      7.10% |       33434      3.05%     10.14% |       32745      2.99%     13.13% |       32907      3.00%     16.13% |       33151      3.02%     19.15% |       32087      2.93%     22.08% |       32003      2.92%     25.00% |       31718      2.89%     27.89% |       34007      3.10%     30.99% |       32400      2.95%     33.95% |       34351      3.13%     37.08% |       33168      3.02%     40.10% |       32740      2.99%     43.09% |       31784      2.90%     45.99% |       31821      2.90%     48.89% |       31708      2.89%     51.78% |       34313      3.13%     54.91% |       32155      2.93%     57.84% |       33019      3.01%     60.85% |       32581      2.97%     63.82% |       33074      3.02%     66.84% |       32514      2.96%     69.80% |       33056      3.01%     72.82% |       32055      2.92%     75.74% |       33693      3.07%     78.81% |       32390      2.95%     81.77% |       32891      3.00%     84.77% |       31864      2.91%     87.67% |       33214      3.03%     90.70% |       31950      2.91%     93.62% |       34331      3.13%     96.75% |       35687      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1096627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.20%      3.20% |         393      2.82%      6.02% |         426      3.06%      9.08% |         411      2.95%     12.03% |         429      3.08%     15.11% |         406      2.92%     18.03% |         406      2.92%     20.94% |         426      3.06%     24.00% |         416      2.99%     26.99% |         428      3.07%     30.06% |         443      3.18%     33.24% |         438      3.15%     36.39% |         477      3.43%     39.82% |         470      3.38%     43.19% |         443      3.18%     46.37% |         457      3.28%     49.66% |         462      3.32%     52.97% |         467      3.35%     56.33% |         436      3.13%     59.46% |         409      2.94%     62.40% |         411      2.95%     65.35% |         442      3.17%     68.52% |         422      3.03%     71.55% |         430      3.09%     74.64% |         449      3.22%     77.87% |         458      3.29%     81.15% |         458      3.29%     84.44% |         432      3.10%     87.55% |         426      3.06%     90.61% |         445      3.20%     93.80% |         440      3.16%     96.96% |         423      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13924                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23453      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20795      3.13%      9.78% |       20713      3.12%     12.89% |       20693      3.11%     16.01% |       20702      3.11%     19.12% |       20685      3.11%     22.23% |       20683      3.11%     25.34% |       20701      3.11%     28.46% |       20724      3.12%     31.58% |       20765      3.12%     34.70% |       20675      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20686      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20676      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20672      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20678      3.11%     72.02% |       20659      3.11%     75.13% |       20690      3.11%     78.24% |       20692      3.11%     81.35% |       20655      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.67% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20731      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6019      3.16%      3.16% |        5937      3.12%      6.28% |        5946      3.12%      9.41% |        5953      3.13%     12.54% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5928      3.12%     25.02% |        5954      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.12%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5950      3.13%     37.52% |        5942      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.12% |        5948      3.13%     56.25% |        5949      3.13%     59.37% |        5937      3.12%     62.49% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.13%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.24% |        5958      3.13%     84.37% |        5947      3.13%     87.49% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5952      3.13%     93.75% |        5963      3.13%     96.88% |        5936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3074      2.78%      8.94% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.43% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.54% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3740      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2683      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1196     45.41%     45.41% |         183      6.95%     52.35% |         164      6.23%     58.58% |         169      6.42%     65.00% |          14      0.53%     65.53% |         248      9.42%     74.94% |          14      0.53%     75.47% |           5      0.19%     75.66% |           3      0.11%     75.78% |           1      0.04%     75.82% |          16      0.61%     76.42% |           4      0.15%     76.58% |           2      0.08%     76.65% |           1      0.04%     76.69% |          39      1.48%     78.17% |          16      0.61%     78.78% |           9      0.34%     79.12% |         144      5.47%     84.59% |         197      7.48%     92.07% |         149      5.66%     97.72% |           1      0.04%     97.76% |          15      0.57%     98.33% |          10      0.38%     98.71% |           2      0.08%     98.79% |           5      0.19%     98.97% |           1      0.04%     99.01% |           2      0.08%     99.09% |           8      0.30%     99.39% |           3      0.11%     99.51% |           2      0.08%     99.58% |           3      0.11%     99.70% |           8      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          96     76.19%     76.19% |           6      4.76%     80.95% |           2      1.59%     82.54% |           5      3.97%     86.51% |           0      0.00%     86.51% |           1      0.79%     87.30% |           1      0.79%     88.10% |           0      0.00%     88.10% |           0      0.00%     88.10% |           1      0.79%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           5      3.97%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           3      2.38%     95.24% |           1      0.79%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           1      0.79%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |           1      0.79%     97.62% |           1      0.79%     98.41% |           2      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         156     89.14%     89.14% |           0      0.00%     89.14% |           1      0.57%     89.71% |           1      0.57%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           0      0.00%     90.29% |           2      1.14%     91.43% |           1      0.57%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           7      4.00%     96.00% |           1      0.57%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |           1      0.57%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      1.14%     98.29% |           1      0.57%     98.86% |           1      0.57%     99.43% |           1      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          19      1.93%      1.93% |          34      3.46%      5.39% |          31      3.15%      8.54% |          32      3.25%     11.79% |          30      3.05%     14.84% |          33      3.35%     18.19% |          30      3.05%     21.24% |          30      3.05%     24.29% |          30      3.05%     27.34% |          31      3.15%     30.49% |          30      3.05%     33.54% |          30      3.05%     36.59% |          35      3.56%     40.14% |          30      3.05%     43.19% |          32      3.25%     46.44% |          31      3.15%     49.59% |          30      3.05%     52.64% |          31      3.15%     55.79% |          32      3.25%     59.04% |          32      3.25%     62.30% |          30      3.05%     65.35% |          31      3.15%     68.50% |          32      3.25%     71.75% |          30      3.05%     74.80% |          31      3.15%     77.95% |          31      3.15%     81.10% |          30      3.05%     84.15% |          31      3.15%     87.30% |          34      3.46%     90.75% |          30      3.05%     93.80% |          30      3.05%     96.85% |          31      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1018      7.05%      7.05% |         394      2.73%      9.78% |         425      2.94%     12.72% |         410      2.84%     15.56% |         428      2.96%     18.52% |         408      2.83%     21.35% |         407      2.82%     24.17% |         424      2.94%     27.10% |         412      2.85%     29.95% |         424      2.94%     32.89% |         443      3.07%     35.96% |         439      3.04%     39.00% |         472      3.27%     42.27% |         467      3.23%     45.50% |         441      3.05%     48.55% |         452      3.13%     51.68% |         460      3.19%     54.87% |         467      3.23%     58.10% |         438      3.03%     61.13% |         412      2.85%     63.99% |         410      2.84%     66.83% |         439      3.04%     69.87% |         419      2.90%     72.77% |         427      2.96%     75.72% |         446      3.09%     78.81% |         454      3.14%     81.96% |         454      3.14%     85.10% |         430      2.98%     88.08% |         423      2.93%     91.01% |         443      3.07%     94.07% |         435      3.01%     97.08% |         421      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.77%      5.77% |           9      8.65%     14.42% |           4      3.85%     18.27% |           7      6.73%     25.00% |           2      1.92%     26.92% |           7      6.73%     33.65% |           4      3.85%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      1.92%     39.42% |           2      1.92%     41.35% |           2      1.92%     43.27% |           4      3.85%     47.12% |           0      0.00%     47.12% |           4      3.85%     50.96% |           2      1.92%     52.88% |           1      0.96%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |          12     11.54%     65.38% |           5      4.81%     70.19% |           2      1.92%     72.12% |           2      1.92%     74.04% |           2      1.92%     75.96% |           2      1.92%     77.88% |           4      3.85%     81.73% |           1      0.96%     82.69% |           3      2.88%     85.58% |           2      1.92%     87.50% |           5      4.81%     92.31% |           3      2.88%     95.19% |           1      0.96%     96.15% |           4      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39464     29.26%     29.26% |        3847      2.85%     32.11% |        2707      2.01%     34.12% |        3512      2.60%     36.72% |        3082      2.29%     39.01% |        2555      1.89%     40.90% |        2366      1.75%     42.66% |        2424      1.80%     44.46% |        3855      2.86%     47.31% |        2916      2.16%     49.48% |        4281      3.17%     52.65% |        3805      2.82%     55.47% |        2836      2.10%     57.57% |        2570      1.91%     59.48% |        2088      1.55%     61.03% |        2478      1.84%     62.87% |        4432      3.29%     66.15% |        2851      2.11%     68.27% |        2991      2.22%     70.48% |        3042      2.26%     72.74% |        2970      2.20%     74.94% |        2926      2.17%     77.11% |        2811      2.08%     79.20% |        2580      1.91%     81.11% |        3689      2.74%     83.84% |        2900      2.15%     85.99% |        2669      1.98%     87.97% |        2227      1.65%     89.62% |        2813      2.09%     91.71% |        2400      1.78%     93.49% |        3185      2.36%     95.85% |        5596      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       134868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8523      8.04%      8.04% |        2885      2.72%     10.76% |        3283      3.10%     13.86% |        2713      2.56%     16.42% |        3415      3.22%     19.64% |        2873      2.71%     22.35% |        2998      2.83%     25.18% |        2671      2.52%     27.70% |        3485      3.29%     30.99% |        2803      2.64%     33.63% |        3364      3.17%     36.81% |        2726      2.57%     39.38% |        3266      3.08%     42.46% |        2588      2.44%     44.90% |        3101      2.93%     47.83% |        2636      2.49%     50.31% |        3249      3.07%     53.38% |        2673      2.52%     55.90% |        3382      3.19%     59.09% |        2927      2.76%     61.85% |        3477      3.28%     65.13% |        2974      2.81%     67.94% |        3622      3.42%     71.35% |        2862      2.70%     74.05% |        3353      3.16%     77.22% |        2840      2.68%     79.90% |        3595      3.39%     83.29% |        3041      2.87%     86.16% |        3767      3.55%     89.71% |        2950      2.78%     92.50% |        4544      4.29%     96.78% |        3411      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9252      4.27%      4.27% |        6685      3.08%      7.35% |        6706      3.09%     10.44% |        6695      3.09%     13.53% |        6678      3.08%     16.61% |        6685      3.08%     19.69% |        6697      3.09%     22.78% |        6690      3.08%     25.86% |        6705      3.09%     28.96% |        6708      3.09%     32.05% |        6710      3.09%     35.14% |        6708      3.09%     38.24% |        6689      3.08%     41.32% |        6697      3.09%     44.41% |        6690      3.08%     47.49% |        6691      3.09%     50.58% |        6718      3.10%     53.68% |        6693      3.09%     56.76% |        6710      3.09%     59.86% |        6697      3.09%     62.95% |        6697      3.09%     66.03% |        6715      3.10%     69.13% |        6701      3.09%     72.22% |        6697      3.09%     75.31% |        6706      3.09%     78.40% |        6704      3.09%     81.49% |        6702      3.09%     84.58% |        6694      3.09%     87.67% |        6696      3.09%     90.76% |        6685      3.08%     93.84% |        6681      3.08%     96.92% |        6678      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       216860                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18373      3.06%      3.06% |       18836      3.14%      6.20% |       18866      3.14%      9.34% |       18814      3.13%     12.47% |       18803      3.13%     15.60% |       18777      3.13%     18.73% |       18786      3.13%     21.85% |       18778      3.13%     24.98% |       18783      3.13%     28.11% |       18816      3.13%     31.24% |       18810      3.13%     34.37% |       18769      3.12%     37.50% |       18791      3.13%     40.62% |       18776      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18759      3.12%     50.00% |       18764      3.12%     53.12% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18777      3.13%     65.63% |       18749      3.12%     68.75% |       18768      3.12%     71.87% |       18758      3.12%     74.99% |       18788      3.13%     78.12% |       18789      3.13%     81.25% |       18775      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18780      3.13%     90.62% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18759      3.12%     96.87% |       18786      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         907     48.53%     48.53% |          36      1.93%     50.45% |          33      1.77%     52.22% |          32      1.71%     53.93% |          30      1.61%     55.54% |          30      1.61%     57.14% |          30      1.61%     58.75% |          30      1.61%     60.35% |          30      1.61%     61.96% |          30      1.61%     63.56% |          30      1.61%     65.17% |          30      1.61%     66.77% |          34      1.82%     68.59% |          30      1.61%     70.20% |          31      1.66%     71.86% |          30      1.61%     73.46% |          31      1.66%     75.12% |          33      1.77%     76.89% |          34      1.82%     78.71% |          33      1.77%     80.47% |          30      1.61%     82.08% |          30      1.61%     83.68% |          32      1.71%     85.39% |          30      1.61%     87.00% |          30      1.61%     88.60% |          31      1.66%     90.26% |          30      1.61%     91.87% |          30      1.61%     93.47% |          32      1.71%     95.18% |          30      1.61%     96.79% |          30      1.61%     98.39% |          30      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         107     22.34%     22.34% |          12      2.51%     24.84% |          12      2.51%     27.35% |          12      2.51%     29.85% |          12      2.51%     32.36% |          12      2.51%     34.86% |          12      2.51%     37.37% |          12      2.51%     39.87% |          12      2.51%     42.38% |          12      2.51%     44.89% |          12      2.51%     47.39% |          12      2.51%     49.90% |          12      2.51%     52.40% |          12      2.51%     54.91% |          12      2.51%     57.41% |          12      2.51%     59.92% |          12      2.51%     62.42% |          12      2.51%     64.93% |          12      2.51%     67.43% |          12      2.51%     69.94% |          12      2.51%     72.44% |          12      2.51%     74.95% |          12      2.51%     77.45% |          12      2.51%     79.96% |          12      2.51%     82.46% |          12      2.51%     84.97% |          12      2.51%     87.47% |          12      2.51%     89.98% |          12      2.51%     92.48% |          12      2.51%     94.99% |          12      2.51%     97.49% |          12      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76551      7.03%      7.03% |       33240      3.05%     10.08% |       32537      2.99%     13.06% |       32717      3.00%     16.06% |       32956      3.02%     19.09% |       31872      2.92%     22.01% |       31829      2.92%     24.93% |       31537      2.89%     27.83% |       33803      3.10%     30.93% |       32221      2.96%     33.89% |       34142      3.13%     37.02% |       32990      3.03%     40.05% |       32561      2.99%     43.04% |       31607      2.90%     45.94% |       31640      2.90%     48.84% |       31540      2.89%     51.74% |       34139      3.13%     54.87% |       31971      2.93%     57.80% |       32842      3.01%     60.82% |       32412      2.97%     63.79% |       32902      3.02%     66.81% |       32345      2.97%     69.78% |       32880      3.02%     72.80% |       31872      2.92%     75.72% |       33514      3.08%     78.80% |       32210      2.96%     81.75% |       32719      3.00%     84.76% |       31691      2.91%     87.67% |       33039      3.03%     90.70% |       31778      2.92%     93.61% |       34144      3.13%     96.75% |       35445      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1089646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      2.99%      2.99% |           5      3.73%      6.72% |           5      3.73%     10.45% |           4      2.99%     13.43% |           3      2.24%     15.67% |           5      3.73%     19.40% |           5      3.73%     23.13% |           3      2.24%     25.37% |           5      3.73%     29.10% |           1      0.75%     29.85% |           3      2.24%     32.09% |           2      1.49%     33.58% |           2      1.49%     35.07% |           2      1.49%     36.57% |           4      2.99%     39.55% |           5      3.73%     43.28% |           3      2.24%     45.52% |           2      1.49%     47.01% |           2      1.49%     48.51% |           3      2.24%     50.75% |           3      2.24%     52.99% |           4      2.99%     55.97% |           4      2.99%     58.96% |           8      5.97%     64.93% |           5      3.73%     68.66% |           3      2.24%     70.90% |           4      2.99%     73.88% |           4      2.99%     76.87% |           6      4.48%     81.34% |           5      3.73%     85.07% |           7      5.22%     90.30% |          13      9.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         135      5.95%      5.95% |          73      3.22%      9.16% |          87      3.83%     13.00% |          74      3.26%     16.26% |          82      3.61%     19.87% |          97      4.27%     24.14% |          59      2.60%     26.74% |          64      2.82%     29.56% |          88      3.88%     33.44% |          68      3.00%     36.43% |          94      4.14%     40.57% |          67      2.95%     43.52% |          62      2.73%     46.26% |          65      2.86%     49.12% |          66      2.91%     52.03% |          53      2.33%     54.36% |          60      2.64%     57.00% |          71      3.13%     60.13% |          62      2.73%     62.86% |          55      2.42%     65.29% |          61      2.69%     67.97% |          57      2.51%     70.48% |          61      2.69%     73.17% |          64      2.82%     75.99% |          64      2.82%     78.81% |          66      2.91%     81.72% |          57      2.51%     84.23% |          61      2.69%     86.92% |          58      2.56%     89.47% |          57      2.51%     91.98% |          69      3.04%     95.02% |         113      4.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           8     26.67%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |          12     40.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           8     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28893      3.46%      3.46% |       26053      3.12%      6.57% |       26143      3.13%      9.70% |       26053      3.12%     12.81% |       26047      3.12%     15.93% |       26028      3.11%     19.04% |       26008      3.11%     22.15% |       26013      3.11%     25.26% |       26047      3.12%     28.38% |       26072      3.12%     31.50% |       26113      3.12%     34.62% |       26039      3.11%     37.73% |       26074      3.12%     40.85% |       26060      3.12%     43.97% |       26037      3.11%     47.08% |       26014      3.11%     50.19% |       26058      3.12%     53.31% |       26063      3.12%     56.43% |       26037      3.11%     59.54% |       25984      3.11%     62.65% |       26002      3.11%     65.76% |       26020      3.11%     68.87% |       26009      3.11%     71.98% |       26007      3.11%     75.09% |       26063      3.12%     78.21% |       26072      3.12%     81.33% |       26047      3.12%     84.44% |       25990      3.11%     87.55% |       26020      3.11%     90.66% |       26008      3.11%     93.77% |       26005      3.11%     96.88% |       26066      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     58.95%     58.95% |           2      2.11%     61.05% |           3      3.16%     64.21% |           1      1.05%     65.26% |           1      1.05%     66.32% |           1      1.05%     67.37% |           2      2.11%     69.47% |           0      0.00%     69.47% |           2      2.11%     71.58% |           0      0.00%     71.58% |           1      1.05%     72.63% |           1      1.05%     73.68% |           1      1.05%     74.74% |           0      0.00%     74.74% |           1      1.05%     75.79% |           0      0.00%     75.79% |           0      0.00%     75.79% |           0      0.00%     75.79% |           1      1.05%     76.84% |           0      0.00%     76.84% |           0      0.00%     76.84% |           2      2.11%     78.95% |           1      1.05%     80.00% |           2      2.11%     82.11% |           1      1.05%     83.16% |           1      1.05%     84.21% |           2      2.11%     86.32% |           2      2.11%     88.42% |           3      3.16%     91.58% |           3      3.16%     94.74% |           5      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      4.21%      4.21% |           3      3.16%      7.37% |           2      2.11%      9.47% |           3      3.16%     12.63% |           2      2.11%     14.74% |           4      4.21%     18.95% |           3      3.16%     22.11% |           3      3.16%     25.26% |           3      3.16%     28.42% |           1      1.05%     29.47% |           2      2.11%     31.58% |           1      1.05%     32.63% |           1      1.05%     33.68% |           2      2.11%     35.79% |           3      3.16%     38.95% |           5      5.26%     44.21% |           3      3.16%     47.37% |           2      2.11%     49.47% |           1      1.05%     50.53% |           3      3.16%     53.68% |           3      3.16%     56.84% |           2      2.11%     58.95% |           3      3.16%     62.11% |           6      6.32%     68.42% |           4      4.21%     72.63% |           2      2.11%     74.74% |           2      2.11%     76.84% |           2      2.11%     78.95% |           3      3.16%     82.11% |           2      2.11%     84.21% |           2      2.11%     86.32% |          13     13.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     90.91%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           9      2.86%      2.86% |          10      3.17%      6.03% |          19      6.03%     12.06% |          21      6.67%     18.73% |          28      8.89%     27.62% |          25      7.94%     35.56% |           2      0.63%     36.19% |           9      2.86%     39.05% |          16      5.08%     44.13% |           6      1.90%     46.03% |          13      4.13%     50.16% |           5      1.59%     51.75% |           7      2.22%     53.97% |           2      0.63%     54.60% |           2      0.63%     55.24% |           1      0.32%     55.56% |           2      0.63%     56.19% |           9      2.86%     59.05% |           8      2.54%     61.59% |           5      1.59%     63.17% |           2      0.63%     63.81% |           8      2.54%     66.35% |           4      1.27%     67.62% |           6      1.90%     69.52% |           8      2.54%     72.06% |          12      3.81%     75.87% |          15      4.76%     80.63% |          14      4.44%     85.08% |          11      3.49%     88.57% |          13      4.13%     92.70% |          20      6.35%     99.05% |           3      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         126      6.45%      6.45% |          63      3.22%      9.67% |          68      3.48%     13.15% |          53      2.71%     15.86% |          54      2.76%     18.62% |          72      3.68%     22.30% |          57      2.92%     25.22% |          55      2.81%     28.03% |          72      3.68%     31.71% |          62      3.17%     34.88% |          81      4.14%     39.03% |          62      3.17%     42.20% |          55      2.81%     45.01% |          63      3.22%     48.24% |          64      3.27%     51.51% |          52      2.66%     54.17% |          58      2.97%     57.14% |          62      3.17%     60.31% |          54      2.76%     63.07% |          50      2.56%     65.63% |          59      3.02%     68.64% |          49      2.51%     71.15% |          57      2.92%     74.07% |          58      2.97%     77.03% |          56      2.86%     79.90% |          54      2.76%     82.66% |          42      2.15%     84.81% |          47      2.40%     87.21% |          47      2.40%     89.62% |          44      2.25%     91.87% |          49      2.51%     94.37% |         110      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         576     91.14%     91.14% |          11      1.74%     92.88% |           9      1.42%     94.30% |           9      1.42%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           0      0.00%     95.73% |           9      1.42%     97.15% |           9      1.42%     98.58% |           9      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          632                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1018      7.05%      7.05% |         394      2.73%      9.78% |         425      2.94%     12.72% |         410      2.84%     15.56% |         428      2.96%     18.52% |         408      2.83%     21.35% |         407      2.82%     24.17% |         424      2.94%     27.10% |         412      2.85%     29.95% |         424      2.94%     32.89% |         443      3.07%     35.96% |         439      3.04%     39.00% |         472      3.27%     42.27% |         467      3.23%     45.50% |         441      3.05%     48.55% |         452      3.13%     51.68% |         460      3.19%     54.87% |         467      3.23%     58.10% |         438      3.03%     61.13% |         412      2.85%     63.99% |         410      2.84%     66.83% |         439      3.04%     69.87% |         419      2.90%     72.77% |         427      2.96%     75.72% |         446      3.09%     78.81% |         454      3.14%     81.96% |         454      3.14%     85.10% |         430      2.98%     88.08% |         423      2.93%     91.01% |         443      3.07%     94.07% |         435      3.01%     97.08% |         421      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          21      2.16%      2.16% |          32      3.29%      5.45% |          30      3.08%      8.53% |          30      3.08%     11.61% |          30      3.08%     14.70% |          30      3.08%     17.78% |          30      3.08%     20.86% |          30      3.08%     23.95% |          30      3.08%     27.03% |          30      3.08%     30.11% |          30      3.08%     33.20% |          30      3.08%     36.28% |          33      3.39%     39.67% |          30      3.08%     42.75% |          31      3.19%     45.94% |          30      3.08%     49.02% |          30      3.08%     52.11% |          33      3.39%     55.50% |          34      3.49%     58.99% |          34      3.49%     62.49% |          30      3.08%     65.57% |          30      3.08%     68.65% |          32      3.29%     71.94% |          30      3.08%     75.03% |          30      3.08%     78.11% |          31      3.19%     81.29% |          30      3.08%     84.38% |          30      3.08%     87.46% |          32      3.29%     90.75% |          30      3.08%     93.83% |          30      3.08%     96.92% |          30      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          19      1.93%      1.93% |          34      3.46%      5.39% |          31      3.15%      8.54% |          32      3.25%     11.79% |          30      3.05%     14.84% |          33      3.35%     18.19% |          30      3.05%     21.24% |          30      3.05%     24.29% |          30      3.05%     27.34% |          31      3.15%     30.49% |          30      3.05%     33.54% |          30      3.05%     36.59% |          35      3.56%     40.14% |          30      3.05%     43.19% |          32      3.25%     46.44% |          31      3.15%     49.59% |          30      3.05%     52.64% |          31      3.15%     55.79% |          32      3.25%     59.04% |          32      3.25%     62.30% |          30      3.05%     65.35% |          31      3.15%     68.50% |          32      3.25%     71.75% |          30      3.05%     74.80% |          31      3.15%     77.95% |          31      3.15%     81.10% |          30      3.05%     84.15% |          31      3.15%     87.30% |          34      3.46%     90.75% |          30      3.05%     93.80% |          30      3.05%     96.85% |          31      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23451      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20794      3.13%      9.78% |       20711      3.12%     12.89% |       20693      3.11%     16.01% |       20702      3.11%     19.12% |       20685      3.11%     22.23% |       20683      3.11%     25.34% |       20701      3.11%     28.46% |       20724      3.12%     31.58% |       20765      3.12%     34.70% |       20675      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20686      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20675      3.11%     59.58% |       20661      3.11%     62.69% |       20672      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20678      3.11%     72.02% |       20659      3.11%     75.13% |       20690      3.11%     78.24% |       20692      3.11%     81.35% |       20655      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.67% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20731      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.21%      3.21% |         393      2.82%      6.03% |         427      3.07%      9.09% |         413      2.96%     12.06% |         429      3.08%     15.14% |         406      2.91%     18.05% |         406      2.91%     20.97% |         426      3.06%     24.03% |         416      2.99%     27.01% |         428      3.07%     30.08% |         443      3.18%     33.26% |         438      3.14%     36.41% |         477      3.42%     39.83% |         470      3.37%     43.21% |         443      3.18%     46.39% |         457      3.28%     49.67% |         462      3.32%     52.98% |         468      3.36%     56.34% |         437      3.14%     59.48% |         410      2.94%     62.42% |         411      2.95%     65.37% |         442      3.17%     68.54% |         422      3.03%     71.57% |         430      3.09%     74.66% |         449      3.22%     77.88% |         458      3.29%     81.17% |         458      3.29%     84.46% |         431      3.09%     87.55% |         426      3.06%     90.61% |         445      3.19%     93.81% |         440      3.16%     96.96% |         423      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6019      3.16%      3.16% |        5937      3.12%      6.28% |        5946      3.12%      9.41% |        5953      3.13%     12.54% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5928      3.12%     25.02% |        5954      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.12%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5950      3.13%     37.52% |        5942      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.12% |        5948      3.13%     56.25% |        5949      3.13%     59.37% |        5937      3.12%     62.49% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.13%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.24% |        5958      3.13%     84.37% |        5947      3.13%     87.49% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5952      3.13%     93.75% |        5963      3.13%     96.88% |        5936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         252     83.72%     83.72% |           6      1.99%     85.71% |           3      1.00%     86.71% |           6      1.99%     88.70% |           0      0.00%     88.70% |           1      0.33%     89.04% |           1      0.33%     89.37% |           0      0.00%     89.37% |           0      0.00%     89.37% |           1      0.33%     89.70% |           0      0.00%     89.70% |           0      0.00%     89.70% |           5      1.66%     91.36% |           0      0.00%     91.36% |           2      0.66%     92.03% |           1      0.33%     92.36% |           0      0.00%     92.36% |           0      0.00%     92.36% |          10      3.32%     95.68% |           2      0.66%     96.35% |           0      0.00%     96.35% |           0      0.00%     96.35% |           0      0.00%     96.35% |           0      0.00%     96.35% |           1      0.33%     96.68% |           0      0.00%     96.68% |           2      0.66%     97.34% |           1      0.33%     97.67% |           4      1.33%     99.00% |           1      0.33%     99.34% |           1      0.33%     99.67% |           1      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          301                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77564      7.07%      7.07% |       33428      3.05%     10.12% |       32742      2.99%     13.11% |       32901      3.00%     16.11% |       33151      3.02%     19.14% |       32086      2.93%     22.06% |       32002      2.92%     24.98% |       31718      2.89%     27.87% |       34007      3.10%     30.98% |       32399      2.96%     33.93% |       34351      3.13%     37.06% |       33168      3.03%     40.09% |       32735      2.99%     43.08% |       31784      2.90%     45.98% |       31819      2.90%     48.88% |       31707      2.89%     51.77% |       34313      3.13%     54.90% |       32155      2.93%     57.83% |       33009      3.01%     60.84% |       32579      2.97%     63.81% |       33074      3.02%     66.83% |       32514      2.97%     69.80% |       33056      3.02%     72.81% |       32055      2.92%     75.74% |       33692      3.07%     78.81% |       32390      2.95%     81.76% |       32889      3.00%     84.76% |       31863      2.91%     87.67% |       33210      3.03%     90.70% |       31949      2.91%     93.61% |       34330      3.13%     96.74% |       35686      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1096326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         162     14.70%     14.70% |          32      2.90%     17.60% |          29      2.63%     20.24% |          30      2.72%     22.96% |          30      2.72%     25.68% |          30      2.72%     28.40% |          30      2.72%     31.13% |          30      2.72%     33.85% |          30      2.72%     36.57% |          30      2.72%     39.29% |          30      2.72%     42.01% |          30      2.72%     44.74% |          34      3.09%     47.82% |          30      2.72%     50.54% |          30      2.72%     53.27% |          30      2.72%     55.99% |          30      2.72%     58.71% |          30      2.72%     61.43% |          31      2.81%     64.25% |          31      2.81%     67.06% |          30      2.72%     69.78% |          30      2.72%     72.50% |          32      2.90%     75.41% |          30      2.72%     78.13% |          30      2.72%     80.85% |          30      2.72%     83.58% |          30      2.72%     86.30% |          30      2.72%     89.02% |          31      2.81%     91.83% |          30      2.72%     94.56% |          30      2.72%     97.28% |          30      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         745     97.51%     97.51% |           4      0.52%     98.04% |           3      0.39%     98.43% |           2      0.26%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           1      0.13%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           1      0.13%     98.95% |           3      0.39%     99.35% |           3      0.39%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         907     48.61%     48.61% |          36      1.93%     50.54% |          32      1.71%     52.25% |          32      1.71%     53.97% |          30      1.61%     55.57% |          30      1.61%     57.18% |          30      1.61%     58.79% |          30      1.61%     60.40% |          30      1.61%     62.00% |          30      1.61%     63.61% |          30      1.61%     65.22% |          30      1.61%     66.83% |          34      1.82%     68.65% |          30      1.61%     70.26% |          31      1.66%     71.92% |          30      1.61%     73.53% |          31      1.66%     75.19% |          33      1.77%     76.96% |          34      1.82%     78.78% |          33      1.77%     80.55% |          30      1.61%     82.15% |          30      1.61%     83.76% |          32      1.71%     85.48% |          30      1.61%     87.08% |          30      1.61%     88.69% |          30      1.61%     90.30% |          30      1.61%     91.91% |          30      1.61%     93.52% |          31      1.66%     95.18% |          30      1.61%     96.78% |          30      1.61%     98.39% |          30      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1866                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76525      4.23%      4.23% |      905025     50.00%     54.23% |      209719     11.59%     65.81% |      207637     11.47%     77.29% |      203316     11.23%     88.52% |      207828     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1810050                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76525      4.23%      4.23% |      905025     50.00%     54.23% |      209719     11.59%     65.81% |      207637     11.47%     77.29% |      203316     11.23%     88.52% |      207828     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1810050                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76525      4.23%      4.23% |      905025     50.00%     54.23% |      209719     11.59%     65.81% |      207637     11.47%     77.29% |      203316     11.23%     88.52% |      207828     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1810050                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76525      4.23%      4.23% |      905025     50.00%     54.23% |      209719     11.59%     65.81% |      207637     11.47%     77.29% |      203316     11.23%     88.52% |      207828     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1810050                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
